Check out some pictures I took of my vehicles after they got done..
We had a pretty darn good time.
Try them, you'll understand what I am saying better :)The fun item I always get "to go"???
Great food, superior service, gorgeous decor... I had a Breakfast Casserole and a generous side of Cheesy Grits.
Yep.
My favorite dish so far is the spicy noodles.
We were tempted to just go to Thai Basil instead but as I never had Oregano's we persisted and stayed put.
yum!
They are helpful there and they are not helpful there, depends on how busy it is.
I can't stand 50's retro but this place is the cuteness.
Well, they they started serving lunch.
Delish & authentic!
Nice hidden gem without stupid long waits at breakfast.
It's a place to have a big breakfast and watch some of the interesting people that you now are regulars among others.
And for Norm R. they got the almond cookie packages
It was a 25 min wait.
I have been here many times, pretty much can't go wrong here.
I'm picky about how my groceries are arranged inside of my reusable bags!)
The restaurant has patio seating overlooking the first tee and serves some decent food.
Despite Ashley's promise of it not happening again.
You would think someone on that strip would be the one to say, let's have reasonable prices.
~Attentive, but not aggressive server...great attitude!
The staff was all very helpful and knowledgeable.
Waiting for our luggage.
The staff at this location always seems like they're having fun,  which may not necessarily make the sandwich taste better but makes the overall experience of buying lunch a bit more pleasant.
I have always been a fan of their food.
In short (ish): Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got Maui Dog in my tummy.
My boyfriend loves sushi and I don't eat seafood, so going to these types of restaurants can be quite disappointing.
You read right.
Cabernet jelly AND bananas.
I loved the spicy/smooth combo with the sour cream in the burrito.
Overall, I will probably give this restaurant another try in the future but I wasn't very impressed with the taste of the food.
It has an indoor track to get out of the AZ heat.
and it was served on a pretzel roll.
As consistently good as the food is, the service is likewise consistently slow (albeit friendly).
She gave us festive top hats, tiaras, and beads to wear to celebrate.
Well drinks for $2.50, served in a standard kitchen glass.
The price you pay for location, I guess.
My mom and I stopped by for a late lunch yesterday.
My sandwich was really good, and it wasn't just a normal sandwich.
Well, that was actually roopas, and just an FYI, oreo crumb crust and Hefe don't really mix......so save the cake for when you are done drinking ha haBut the waiters here (the ones that don't look like they are 15!!!!!)
There's a broad range of styles, but mostly, they're fashionable frames.
And they have my favorite flavor of Jones Soda (Sugar-free Black Cherry) which kicked ass.
I ate the greens around the fish and picked out the almonds and Mandarin oranges, but I had to leave the mush hiding underneath the fish.
One snafu while I was there... I sent out some dry cleaning that was supposed to be back by 5:30pm, didn't happen.
But we prepared to wait and have a drink, this place is busy for good reason.
I was super tired from my flight so it was nice that he took the time to point things out since I was not paying attention.
The guys I was traveling with spent the first ten minutes waiting for the show to start and were disappointed when I smacked them all for actually thinking I would take my coworkers to a topless bar.
As I revealed in a previous review, my family loves InnSuites.
A little heavy with the peppers, however.
realizing i need to sterilize my hands from just walking into this mess, i discover no soap or paper towels (not very surprising).
Simple things such as Tupperware, trash cans, bathroom accessories can all be found at a really good price.
She didn't pressure us one way or another, and left the room so that we could talk privately and make our decision.
You can feel the warmth and dedication on every visit.
She says I've never heard of that before.
It was not terribly crowded for a Saturday afternoon, which was nice.
That was the redeeming item of the night.
Way to look out for the ladies Tilted Kilt.
As a parent, I love that this place is a perfect day/night out spot for a date or hanging with friends but also a family oriented neighborhood joint where I can bring my kiddo along!
The only downfall is they were a bit pricey.
Salads are 'meh'.
It was so rude - I don't know how he meant it, but it came across as sounding extremely annoyed.
tip, cancer donation, etc.)
Only saving grace.
But, other than that it was a great time.
So I did and to my dismay, I loved it.
(Sometimes hard to find in folks these days!)
Parking is awful.
I HIGHLY recommend.
Nice and crisp, charred but not burned, and not too fatty.
We started by ordering the Baked Spinach and Artichoke Dip..  what I couldn't understand is 1, how did the chef let this go out and 2, no one but us could smell the scorched burnt smoke coming off the dish.
I didn't really know what to expect, but when I walked in the doors I was immediately greeted by Nick, and he was very nice and down to earth.
You will crave their hotdogs after you eat em.
We've been going to Santisi for close to 10 years since they are just around the corner from my house.
A huge portion (which is great for the pocketbook) but beware if you're watching carbs.
:)It's basically the only place I go to for pizza nowadays.
Busy place, but everyone is nice and I keep having to go to the cell lot because of late baggage from my original destination.
Today for delivery, I ordered a cup of soup (something tomato based with potatoes and beef in it), 1/2 Vermonter sandwich, lemonade and a cookie.
Whatever you do, you MUST try two things:  1) Onion Tart - it's just a slice and a side salad as an appetizer, but OH what a slice.
I've been using mineral makeup for a couple years now and Bare Escentuals is the best in my experience.
Oh woe is me.
The orange chicken was very stringy and tasteless.
The chic in the kitchen said she put them out in the order she got them.
The only thing I liked was the beer, and that too took forever and I had to remind my server several times to get me a refill.
The tofu is the fried style which adds an interesting textural variety to the standard tofu.
We did not deserve the type of treatment we got at this restaurant and I am seriously fuming with anger as I write this review.
Won't go to another place for my piercings again!
I have never been to a place with service this horrible.
I thought the pizza muffins were interesting and a great alternative to bread sticks or garlic bread.
As long as you like the movie you pick, which we did :)
Credit the fact that it is owned and operated by two sisters and their husbands who emigrated to Scottsdale from Italy.
The standard bowl did not have much in the way of noodles or beef.
The only part of the meal that wasn't great was the cornbread, but I don't think you can really do much to cornbread to make it wow you anyway.
THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!!
I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I don't eat red meat....and Russian dressing.
Maybe when I have one I would want her to learn to dance low and shake it, so she can be asked to go on MTV.
The confusing layout makes it hard to find specific stores (even with the help of the directories).
Some are better than others, but the worst thing on their menu is good.
minutes later, we still had no food and I'd had quite enough.
Bodo's is about the most efficient bagel store on Earth (literally the line of 40-50 people is serviced in 10 minutes) and cheap, too!
i highly recommend this joint.
The overall price for two adults (with medium drinks) is always about $20.
The kids had no connection or respect for any teacher who walked in the door anymore.
I'm so grateful that I found this place and met Dr. Roxie Strand and her wonderful assistant, Melissa.
I was sworn to secrecy when we first came here with friends several years ago.
Until the morning.
I had an overall great experience here, and I love meeting people all over the country that have gone to Xavier.
Nice ambiance, good vibes from both customers and employees, and overall a great concept.
First, the Tuscan Pie is to die for!!
My sister really enjoyed her papaya salad and thai soup and my parents liked the cashew chicken - the sauce had a great flavor.
They're clean, friendly and always do a great job for the price.
Not a bad price.
This place is actually in a Sheraton, but I guess that insures a good stream of patrons that can afford such meals.
Need something transplanted?
This is a never return place for us.
Let me first say that Happy Hour prices were outstanding!
Let me start off by saying that if there were 6 stars, I'd give this place 6 stars!
I ordered a thin crust and it was just average.
If somehow you are allowed in without suspenders or nonprescription clear glasses, you will see exactly what goes on.
Of course I have...because if you look at any of my pictures, you will realize a couple things: 1.
I mostly go for the photo booth.
Now, I've paid that much for sandwiches in NY before but you get 2 lbs of meat and several layers of sandwich!
Also at the Metal Elvis show was a Van Halen tribute band called VH Too.
However the crab was dry and the waiter brought more of this dressing out for us.
Drinks were yummy and reasonable.
With salsa.
The nest part was that two of us ate for less than $35.
Go early if you want the breakfast, they run out quick.
Just down Scottsdale Rd from the plastic, the cougars, the roid rage, and the Delta Bravos is a little place that doesn't give a shit, in the best possible way.
My wife and I stopped by randomly on our way back and had beef pho and veggie pho.
Staff was friendly overall we had a good dining experience.
The pricing is good.
Every visit is friendly and welcoming and we were always treated as family.
THE BEST CHAIRS in the world.
As I mentioned, it's small.
And the service is great.
Sakana is one of my two favorite neighborhood sushi joints.
Service was nice the young ladies were always helpful since two dogs on a leash can be difficult.
Do try the grilled corn on the cob.
Its consistently mediocre.
The burger was huge.
Not heavy on the fat and delightfully  crunchy.
Best part is the practice is expanding so check out the website.
Ever.
There happy hour is pretty good with discounts on pints and pitchers, but I really wish they would add food to it.
Security is fast and thorough.
While slight pricey for a cupcake, (slightly north of $2 per cupcake) if you have a special occasion or just want a special treat these cupcakes are incredibly moist and delicious.
We heard it moved to Phoenix and we found it and went there this past week.
And I did Yelp!
It's served in what I've come to learn is a Sicilian style, with a n awesome relish of tomatoes, capers, and green olives and a side of addictive Fett Alfredo.
The sell cupcakes now! (
He is always friendly and very efficient.
So much potential, but it fails on almost everything.
The beef brisket and pulled pork were so good!
But, in this case, it's understandable as no one could see anything.
Edit: I almost threw my drink cup away before I noticed the giveaway pull tab on it--I won a free slice os Texas toast!
Not surprised people from Ahwatukee like this place, it looks nice but the food is so-so.
Wait a minute, I'm in Arizona.
She barely spoke and when she did it was defensive and not from a place of yes.
I went in expecting to pay a lot for the meal, and rightfully expected the best food I have ever had, and that was just NOT the case.
My family used to frequent this place - you could get a nice meal for $8 or $9 per person, and their food was fantastic.
It does not matter where you sit.
The omelet was huge and packed full of awesomeness and flavor.
It's probably the best Filipino restaurant in the Phoenix area.
The restaurant reminds me of a quaint little countryside café.
Not one of the places I would take out-of-towners and rave about, but a great little spot to hit for lunch.
waitress wasn't good with service.
I can't finish my plate most of the time, so I always end up taking leftovers home.
I'd advise John to concentrate on things other than trolling around yelp, chastising his own customers, whose business supports that fancy paint and the famously zombie-like staff.
We arrived and were seated right away.
The pickle it came with was the grossest thing I've ever seen.
They also have these "bowls" which look so enticing!
The prices are a bit steeper for the amount of food that you get- but you are paying for quality, not quantity.
If I've come to your Starbucks over 30x within 5 months and you still don't bother learning how to pronounce my name correctly then I don't know what to say.
Oxtails or goat?
This is when my shift starts, so I can no longer go before work.
the edamame came spicy with a side of chili flakes and siracha for our never ending quest to burn the shit out of our mouths.
After the tour we filled several sample cups with a variety of olive oil flavors, and bought a loaf of bread, and enjoyed figuring out what was in each cup.
Nothing special!
And if you know Brak, you know that he LOVES his beans.
Despite being a red-blooded American male, I find this place a bit below average.
They didn't even bother to vacuum it out!
I am so very glad I tried it as it will now be my go-to place for Mexican food.
Eeek!
The other side of the coin is the at-best mediocre entrees.
Overall, this is my go-to place for pho since it is so close to my house.
We ordered 4 items, 3 of which were wrong.
It's bikeable, but I feel like I've traveled long distances to get there (I think that is because crossing Souther is intimidating)
I have yet be even slightly annoyed.
When I'm on vacation, I try to go to restaurants I try to avoid chains because what's the point?
We brought several items to the attention of the bald headed caucasian man who may have been a manager of some sort but his severe lack of customer service skills merely resulted in him stating in a childish voice "They are complaining about the service" to an audience that didnt exist.
KNOWING that if I dared to open my mouth, I'd be looking at the food I had just started to chew, but understanding that if I did nothing with the sauce it would drip off of my fingers into the basket.
Spicy broth with boiled wontons in a light peanut sauce.
Great service, great food, and great atmosphere.
It's the kind of Mexican place you take someone for their birthday--exactly.
In from out of town ..... Really glad we stopped here.... Excellent food nice atmosphere if I was planning to be in AZ more often I would bookmark this place.
The guy behind the counter very nicely asked other lady behind the counter  (the owner?
As far as being, Good for Kids?!
In the last few months (or possibly more), this restaurant changed names (it was previously 'The Counter') and cleared out the retail boutique area to make room for more seating.
Had a very disappointing experience today.
But I think its about time for some CPR!
Friendly, polite and very responsive to your problems.
To sum it up...... FAST~FRIENDLY~FRESH FOOD!!!
Disconsolate from my long lost love, I have abstained from the hot dog community (except for Ted's, because it's amazing and what happens in Tempe, stays in Tempe) until a new beau arrived: Maui Dog.
No woman really wears those sizes so they figure to just stash them there for a few minutes.. I cannot begin to describe the designer glories I have discovered stuffed behind a size 11 pair of Pumas..NOTE TO EVERYONE: OVERALL, PLEASE BE NICE AND SHARE.
The movie quality was also good.
I also love that they have organic roasted chickens (yummy).
The owner has been in there every time I've shown up, and the food comes out hot.
Granted, she looked younger than me, but I am not opposed to having my reviews swayed by cute bartenders who know the right buttons to push.
I'm working downtown now (new themed list to come soon!)
OMG!
After all that I still ordered the carrot cake, which like everything else is made in house with local ingredients, it was warm with a not overly sweet cream cheese frosting.
After sitting at the Bar for over an Hour we were never Told a Table was ready.
Rock on.
The owner is a really cool guy and is always super nice when I come in.
The little veggie sandwich was so tasty!
The bartender is very friendly.
Even now, I am waiting 70 minutes for a 30-40 minute order, and when I had called 15 minutes ago, was told it was on its way, but that construction was holding it up.
it didn't used to always be this way.
They have not updated the decor and everytime that I come in to get my order, I converse with the guy that always takes my order.
Not a great portion it seems for an order of hummus, we got like one piece of pita.
They have three different wallpapers hanging and the music is overwhelming.
Which I suppose is understandable, given that it's inside the Sheraton.
I asked the lady in there if I could get something very quickly to go, she said no problem.
You can't beat that kind of hospitality
Fantastic!
His plate was CLEAN!
Pedicure okay.
The only disappointment is that this place is a bit dirty and ragged-y looking.
I was super excited to find a place in Arizona that has vegetarian pho!
We went on a Friday night and were 4 of perhaps 20 other people in this huge place!
There was no room for error there that couldn't be resolved before we started.
the trip was a waste of an hour that i'll never get back.
It's two steps up from a thrift store or a pawn shop.
I've tried a few of the specialty drinks, some are good some are so/so but isn't it always that way?
The waffles were served with a butter that seemed to be whipped with possibly honey and the syrup was just the right sweet.
I'm hooked!
Pretzels, sausage, apples and the cheese... perfect for sobering up a bit from those yummy cocktails.
Great place!
Had a terrific Breakfast Sunday morning with my niece from Los Angles.
But I will be eating the leftovers in about two hours after I sleep off my meal.
The issue isn't the money because eating at Cafe Rio can be expensive for a fast-food mexican restauant, but it's the principle of charging me extra after I said, "can you please put a little more cheese on my taco."
They also offer a variety of standard yogurt shop toppings for your creation.
Pacifico
Wish I could recommend, but I wouldn't want anyone else to go through the same experience.
If you are not familiar with shrimp brochette it is shrimp stuffed with Monterey jack cheese and a sliver of Jalapeno, wrapped in bacon and char -grilled.
Ok, so it's REALLY expensive.
My husband and I came here for breakfast.
They have a great wine selection, fine imported cheeses and the pastry counter makes your mouth water.
What is this: Matt's Big Shumai?
Location is on the north side of Peoria just before 99th ave.,
Another spot is just mixed drinks.
I wish most of all their sake selection was better but oh well, they are bound by the limitations of their distributors.
You definitely don't want to miss out on this place by becoming frustrated after fruitlessly ducking down side streets, saying fuck it and going to The Roosevelt.
This place wasn't that great for the price.
Because I enjoyed my meal so much, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.
I would suggest that anyone who lives here and has not been come, and if you're in town and looking for a great local non-chain restaurant that has quality food prepared the way it should, then try Cibo!
The process took a bit longer than I anticipated.
it's a good time hanging out.
Yasu provided one of the best dining experiences I've had all year.
The thread they used for the repair was a light cream color.
In 13-years (I live in Cali) been here 26 times and not fancy (although 7th is the one with great pottery and colors inside.
Never again.
All they need to do is season it up a bit before cooking it.
I absolutely love this place!
You need it.
The amount of tenderloin was just right and the cream brie made it taste over the top.
I had to stand up and holler  because I COULD NOT FIND THE PERSON WHO HAD MY FOOD.
Gordon Biersch is cool... a little "chain-like", but the ambiance is great.
first off, pre-game excitement for this BYOB, local, fresh sushi spot.
If you are meeting people with different time constraints , this can be very helpful.
The menu said theirs were char grilled, but I think they are steam table cooked - no char or smokey taste on mine.
Excellent service and food.
Excellent food and excellent service.
The food is really, really good and the prices aren't bad.
It makes you feel like you're at a nice park having a nice bbq.
I love this restaurant.
Better than spent at Subway.
This is a great Mexican food restaurant.
My boyfriend went with the bacon and mushroom omelet (off the regular menu).
My daughter and I really enjoy eating here.
2nd time I went to Grazie and both times it was excellent.
It really DOES feel like a tavern, almost like something out of Pirates of the Caribbean (Well.. kind of)But yeah, the portions were overwhelming, and best of all?
It was so loud inside that it was hard to carry on a conversation at the table.
I mean, it's sandwiched between a strip mall and a giant dirt lot.
Total wine has helped us stock our bar and entertain our guests.
Delicious Indian food and a great selection of vegetarian dishes.
The restaurant looks great inside, like it should be a real classy establishment.
Definitely recommended, and I hope they're able to grow and thrive.
They lose a star for this, as everyone does in my world.
The ducks and geese were very active in the lagoon, showing off for all the diners, and it thrilled the kids to pieces.
The food is consistent and delicious.
(Remember when they almost tore the Orpheum down?
She offered us later that she can bring our refills in a to go cup.
I'm not a savvy coupon clipper or price matcher so I cannot attest to the savings to be had at Winco.
These guys have the tacos and nachos thing figured out.
Fun to make your own brushettas.... My husband and I shared the Rustica delightful, delicious, delectable.... And the creps...what can I say...I didn't need it, but I wanted it, so I had it, so there!
The fried duck was overcooked and dry.
I see more visits in my future.
I didn't pay attention to the cost and when I looked at the receipt when I got home my heart nearly stopped.
Only thing holding back a star is no French press coffee or an espresso machine
For my meal, I started with the housemade guacamole to go with our tasty chips and spicy salsa, then had cheese enchiladas and finished with a Tres Leche cake.
Great staff and food, what more can you ask for?
We opted to just do this ourselves.
I would love a bordelaise sauce or onions and mushrooms with the filet for example.
It was a nice surprise that I was able to get low-calorie substitutions for the sides that went with my entree.
Of course the Kirin (on draft) was flowing as well as the house Saki.
The neighborhood is questionable.
So happy to have such a fabulous breakfast restaurant so close to home.
Now those are the basics, but Rogue Bar adds in great local and national acts, a diverse, non-Old Town crowd, and a friendly staff.
I first went to Cornish Pasty in 05' a few months after they opened and fell in love immediately.
I worked in downtown Phoenix before, and I was sad to see Royal leave back in the day.
I suppose they figure that you can't (or won't) leave after you've sat down, ordered drinks, and eaten some chips?
I will be back for some more of that.
Something nice located somewhere shady.
With that said here's info on what we had:If you're from So Cal and have had Northgate's shrimp ceviche Humberto's comes awfully close.
I have been going to Top Shelf for almost 30 years.
Great place for a "home office" morning.
I felt like I was 7 years old and enjoying my first ever ice cream cone.
They did have a great selection of beers on tap but I really wanted a cocktail so the next round was a jack and coke.
Hands down the best Vietnamese food we've found in metro Phoenix.
I was hardly the last customer in there.
is this IRL?"
The kid waiter went to ask, and we appreciate that he returned reporting that the menu would be a better choice to insure quality.
I mean, not fresh.
And the service was great!
It's a really chill atmosphere.
Oh, and the website is outdated- wrong prices and discontinued menu items.
Oh and then (6 or 7 strong beers into the evening) I found that the mirror next to the (only) urinal in the mens room misled me into believing there was a second urinal, which I tried unsuccessfully to walk to.
My only gripe was that they didn't come with the blue cheese olives mentioned on the menu already in them.
Maybe I am just a fuddy duddy, but it seems that the clientele are cougar-like women, aged 30-50, with bleached hair and sequin tops.
Cibo!
3 stars.
Came back this week to test it out and it is the BEST chicken salad sandwich I have ever eaten.
Singles get seated faster because they have counter style seating
BUT, the bed of rissoto, one of my favorite dishes, was delightfully rich and creamy.
I am not swearing Frank & Albert's off forever, but since I am only in Phoenix a few times a year, it will be a while before I go again.
I ordered the Blood Orange Bellini and it was not your typical bellini..not frozen and frothy.
The beans and rice were nice accompaniments.
So amazing I went there twice in a week.
I wish farmers would go back to the old times, when they were not controlled by 5 corporations and nobody was forcing cows to eat corn, but I digress...Need real organic eggs and willing to pay $5 per dozen?
We parked at the 24th St. entrance and picked our path, the Mormon Trail.
If that's your thing, and want to feel better about your age, check it out.
A little too fried and in a skin that didn't feel like wonton skin.
will definitely come back again!
The menu is innovative and fresh!
While eating my buddy joked the place was off the chain.. and should rename itself to "off the chainco's" lolHighly recommended and cant wait to take others here.
I loved mine.
Not the best pancake I've ever had, but still, superb and the real maple syrup just sends it through the roof.
We were seriously unimpressed.
If you're looking for a place to hang that is casual and fun, try Rula Bula.
My husband loved the 'What the Foie??'
If you want something sweet, order the iced raspberry mocha.
Totally excited to try this place out, my grandparents, my mom and I (4 of us) came here for some Korean food.
Large selection and decent prices.
It'll definitely do in a pinch although I am sure I will occasionally find myself making the trek to get me some tripe!
There must be something to this food for that many loyal customers.
So the service was slow and not sure why because we were constantly seeing the staff goofing around with one another and as mentioned before it was not busy.
I'm really hoping it's a successful staple in Old Town for years to come.
If your in the area Chili's or Connolys is much better choice in my oppinion.
Other than that it's just another typical "let's capitalize all we can" with your typical crap chains (Fridays, Panda Express, etc) which I find pretty disgusting.
Staff are friendly.
They're meaty, satisfying, and delicious.
Frank and his lovely wife, the proprietors, are fantastic.
Usually I hate going to the movies because of all the sick people coughing on my head but this time the theater was relatively empty and I had a blast.
Overall it was a nice experience, but I'm not sure I'll be going back anytime soon.
There is a selection of crispy wonton bits, rice and soups for you to add to your tray at no cost.
There is barely any waiting line plus, the food is dished out quick.
I'd go to hang out again and have a few drinks, but I wouldn't suggest making this your regular hang out.
I have no qualms about ordering the French Canadian Hefeweizen (that I can't even pronounce, spell or at this moment recall) with one glass all to myself and lick my lips at many other brews on the menu.
The Sexy Dirty Chai Coffee over ice is hands down now my favorite coffee drink.
Can't imagine orgering your own app, entre, and dessert.
I am a pescatarian and unless I am eating seafood, I steer clear of meat, even the mock kind usually however once in a while it's delicious... so why try it here at Green I thought.
There is seating at the bar, a few two-tops up front, and larger tables in the back.
When I've carried out: had the bun thit nuon.
The staff is really attentive (not in a 5 sec filling up water way either) and really nice like we've all been pub buddies once upon a time.
Everyone was incredibly nice and cheerfully said "Happy Valentine's Day!"
My two history classes consisted of a teacher who spent one entire year talking about Shakespear, and another who said that "The slaves did not have it so bad".
There was some really bad techno remixes of popular songs playing in the background and an episode of Dr. Phil on the television.
That fucking guy was in the middle of bringing Clarice her spoon when he caught the attention of another customer, so we sat for a good few minutes waiting to dig in.
The menu had a wide variety of tempting Asian treats but I was here for fish, so I ordered the sashimi combo with a bowl of Miso.
If you're taking a girl out on a first date who is more into atmosphere than food -- she'll probably think you are the man.
The food was amazing!!
I honestly have only positive things to say about Postino's since every one of my visits here has been very pleasant.
Taste's great!
Lack-lusterI have been disappointed the two times I have visited Houston's.
and forgot my 20% off coupon.
Sweet Potato Fries are gross, doesn't taste anything like 'em.
:(    sad to see it change that way.
I am a fan of big and tasty sandwiches but have had very few really good ones as of late.
The restaurant isn't that big and they don't take reservations so you end up waiting a while, especially on weekends.
place also has bocce ball which makes for a fun diversion.
Wy-Knot has opened the space up, made it dog friendly (it is named for their dog) and has a great menu.
Great place to meet friends for a bite and some drinks.
There are two places in Phoenix that have the BEST barbecue sauce.
Truly one of the most gorgeous theaters I've seen - down to every detail - it's my new favorite... I love it.
We will definitely go back!
I would imagine a Jewish deli would have Ba Tampte pickles....I didn't even know Nathan's made pickles!
She even called me by name throughout the conversation.
I was told it is off season in August, but the place was filled with locals; all very welcoming.
This was the best camera/photography store in the valley.
Looking forward to the rest of this season!
One of my favie drinks are the Pure Cholocate Ice Blended with whip cream and Green Tea Latte.
Having just moved to Scottsdale, I had seen Four Peaks brews at local restaurants and couldn't wait to try it.
It's a chain place, and a bit over priced for fast food.
To me, Thai Basil is style over substance.
*  I thought the spaghetti sauce was ok, but not great.
I mentioned that I didn't think it was right to serve some people at a table and not others. "
I have a couple complaints;One, I was checking 2 pieces of luggage in STL.
Other than missing trivia, I'm seriously craving some Jamaican Jerk Wings.
The grits were the best I have ever had (sorry North Carolina!).
Over time they changed the layout and experimented with things.
The best caesar salad i have ever had.
Lol.
And no hoikey sauces like Olive Garden-y alfredo or a jar of sugary Prego.
Do you remember that place.
You order at counter, and the food is brought to your booth.
Boy, was I pleasantly surprised!
Not a huge issue, but definitely not convenient either.)
She brought me home a cheese enchilada plate and it hit the spot--even lukewarm.
Go from brunch and get the breakfast nachos.
Love the charm of the place.
They were out of Pumpkin Custard, which made me very sad as it sounded awesome.
Good service, great food, served fairly quickly....We are already making plans for your next visit!
She got me a hummus/grilled/marinated chicken combo.
This was the worst contractor experience I have ever had in my life.
If you haven't been, get up early, bring a newspaper and rest assured Matt's Big is well worth the wait.
Seriously, I love a gimmick more than the next person but the Heart Attack Grill is 100% gimmick and only 60% good food.
We were on the horns of a dilemma : ?
The grade is very gentle throughout.
Bottom line is the food is solid, all the way up to the fruit cobbler for dessert.
Yes I am writing a review about Red Lobster, don't judge me!!
But no one refilled our drinks the whole time or checked on us.
Huh?
You can hardly find ANY kind of Japanese katsu in AZ, yet they have an excellent one that's very traditional, but not too expensive!
Meh.
They have an excellent bar selection, and although all I can only personally speak for is the to-die-for burgundy burger, there were four us and everyone was raving about their meals.
Every time I come in, I am surprised by all the extra room around to the side and out on the patio and it makes me happy.
I love the simplicity, the berries were not overly sweet, strangely artificially thickened.
I was planning on making it here for ages but couldnt until I found out the new metro rail is ride outside!!
Try the BBQ chicken pizza or the steak salad!
You might be surprised.
The shrimp was deheaded, but whole, so if you wanted de-veined shrimp you had to de-vein them on your own.
When I suggested they might put this on the claim ticket, or at least mention it when people drop off their clothes, the owner pointed to an itty bitty sign and told me "we have signs everywhere."
My only criticism is that the waffles I got were a bit on the thin side.
The only miss for me was the chili cornbread which I didn't find to be that great, although my comrades seemed to like it.
In a place like Phoenix, where you have alternatives such as Sprouts, you'd think Whore Foods would smarten up.
Kimchi pancakes, spicy pork bbq lunch special.
The lady proceeded by pointing at the "seafood pancake" section on the menu and saying "I don't know why but you Chinese like this pancake a lot."
They also have sushi, bibimbap, and tons of other items.
I enjoyed my sandwich.
A cafeteria?".
Would I like Red Bell Peppers".
Think sideways baseball hats, torn jeans, flip flops and gold.
It tastes slightly like roast beef but the texture resembles congealed liver patee and the big chunks are really scary.
I would highly recommend this pet salon.
Our bartender was spot on.
Listen, if you explain that our choice is not how the company wishes to present their product and we still choose to have them a different way, you should comply.
After receiving such a magnificent welcome, I knew this was quickly going to be among the most painful experiences of my life.
Anyone can come here and feel comfortable.
The server continued to check on me and even offered up a to go cup of coffee.
Apart from dad's kitchen and sit-down places in Tempe and Scottsdale, there are limited places to find it in the Valley.
Go for the lox special thing, it's amazing.
Very fun atmosphere and really good tasting food.
All great things change and I am sad to see Los Sombreros change for the worse.
Only problem was he didn't refuse.
Actually, for dinner, I had room service but Distrito is where it came from.
They have a huge menu, with a lot to choose from.
The Pho was delicious, the place was cute, and the prices were decent.
The first thing I noticed was their huge salsa bar.
Olive oil herb dip is Fabulous, the warm bread is like no other.
My family started eating here when they first opened.
1 more star awarded: Upper Crust, you've grown on me.
Good job, T Cooks!
Not bad.
Fresh tasting and clean
If you like spicy, skip it for sure.
A good sized meal for two (sans drinks) could ring up at $30-35, which is a good value for great food.
I am ready to update you to a five because the last three times I have been there, your service has been better, the huevos rancheros has been consistently perfect, I have never had to wait for a seat at the bar and I want to hug the cute new bartender because she is quirkily cute!!
She remembered seeing a ton of college apparel during her last visit to this touristy store with all kinds of inventory including Western wear, food products, jewelry, etc... I skeptically called and sure enough, Bischoff's carries UofM apparel as well as all kinds of sports paraphernalia including hats, t-shirts, shorts, keychains, and more from the NCAA, NFL, NBA, NHL, and more!
Valle Luna's fried ice cream is so delicious, and since it's dessert, they can't charge $18 for it.
I agree with the other guys.
The volume wasn't offensive, so it really only served to make me laugh.
When I was shopping at a specialty store last week, I noticed a "Maui Brewing Co. Coconut Porter" that l was very curious to try - but I passed it up because it was $10 for a 4-pack (ouch).
No fashion at all.
In our continuing quest to identify cool, locally owned places to eat and/or drink, Caroline and I auditioned Vintage 95 last night.
I went to Gordon Biersch for a birthday party at the beginning of the month.
I like their salads, the breakfast sandwhich with feta, and the portobello sanwhich (on ciabatta, not the recommended bread).
Bye bye Phoenix Houston's, hello Phoenix Hillstone!
Although in some cases  the menu accommodates American tastes it doesn't compromise on quality or authenticity.
It's a little pricey, but Delux is a really delicious treat.
For my entree I ordered the Atlantic Salmon (stuffed with crab, shrimp, and brie cheese) which was unbelievably amazing.
Now for the drinks.
And Chestnut Lane, the eatery, lives up to expectations.
she also charge me 12% sales tax, which is illegal in tempe, which suppose to be only 9.3% very rude manner, not recommended
I've been to other Pei Wei's in the valley and I've yet to see any as busy as this one.
Moved here from San Francisco, and have been searching  for decent Chinese food.
I thought about a few places and wanted to come here because of the view.
I had the Five Spot which was simply the best egg sandwich I have ever had.
Barros won't knock your socks off but it always has great, wallet friendly pizza pie.
Feeling pressure to hurry up by the impatient look on the cashiers face we ordered a variety of things for the three of us.
Opposite of it : Need for speed Carbon has a intermittent brake pedal which won't let the car go too fast)Mechwarrior 4/ Beach-head 2000 unit.. Hideously slow , jumping frames, jerking hydraulics, broke after playing.
My favorite had to be the Pate Chaude.
For my morning meal I order Chloe's favorite, a six dollar 2 scrambled eggs, 2 slices of bacon, toast, wedge of fruit, plate.
The rice was hard and lacked any flavor.
HAPPY with my selections.
I don't recall if the first letter contains (paraphrased) "By the way, we'd love to schedule your free annual inspection!"
The free cup of homemade daily lemonade was a perk and the owner was really sweet... and I really did like the flavor of it.
Luci's is a great little neighborhood store nestled on the corner of 16th St and Bethany Home.
The inexpensive cost, along with piece of mind that comes with dealing with a mechanic and shop you can trust, make Whitey's irreplaceable.
This mall is HUGE for a mall this big I think they should have more directories but nope they want me to get lost in this mall.
I'm from Southern California so I'm used to great Mexican food.
Included in this price are all the amazing special deals that Tour de Tavern exclusively brings you at select bars along the route.
Much better quality than chain pizzerias.
By far this is not the most decent sushi restaurant I've experienced.
The best part about dining here was the churro I picked up on my way out, which was surprisingly delicious.
Fatburger has a QUALITY-quality that places it in a wierd limbo between other fast food burgers and places like Fuddruckers.
Flan was unimpressive.
I'm giving this place 2 stars because it just doesn't have it.
The service is great and the prices are low, of course the building could be better.
I don't think Venezia's can be beat (for Arizona pizza).. Since bitches are crazy, and make you move out of the house you practically built for them... I no longer have a Venezia's near me.
Oh, and maybe if the jerk who was our server had put aside the desserts for us when we ordered it over TWO HOURS before the time when we actually got dessert, that would have been nice too.
I just went with a traditional wiener, with tomatoes, onion, relish and spicy mustard.
Great place... keep bringing in the NHRA and letting us use the road tracks for our motorcycles and I'll be happy.
Fantastic experience.
You may be asking why I didn't give it five stars then if there were no misfires . . .
My office at the time was within walking distance.
I went for lunch and I almost could have missed it, tucked away in a little corner in a shopping plaza.
Anyhoo the wine list is interesting and I was having a hard time choosing something.
Eh -- no.
There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls.
Hanging out at lunch under a tree with the boy we called Rico Suave who said he lived in a box and would tell stories about the Horny Lady.
Oh and adult kids are more than welcome too!
I usually go during one of the busy times and can always get on a machine, or do the things I want to.
The menu is not huge, but it does offer basic, good drinks.
It was all white lettuce and a few sprigs of sliced carrots.
I was a bit vexed by this.
I recommend people check it out if they want to try a sushi place on the Mill ave when you are in town visiting Tempe.
Chef Charlene does things with food that make it amazing, & these are things that I myself could never accomplish.
lol - http://www.flickr.com/photos/ryno/4113416766/Anyways - good store, always clean and everybody seems very nice and knowledgable in their area.
First, I am reviewing a Delivery order that I placed.
Secondly, convenient economy parking is a must.
There are many other great places where the staff is welcoming and anxious to help.
The burgers were ordinary, the fries were ordinary, and the service (aside from being dressed as naughty nurses) was ordinary.
Cindy offers a free initial consultation.
Good choice, even though the bar area was REALLY loud.
Amazing sushi.
We had a 2 for 1 coupon out of the Entertainment guide.
This is one of Scottsdale's new hot spots.
They take "over easy" a little too serious also.
Their selection is okay, cleanliness is okay and organization is okay.
The rock bottom ipa is a fairly decent ipa compared to the numerous I have tasted.
The last waiter we had advised us to go with a combo plate because it would be cheaper, when it turns out, if you do the math yourself, it was about $3 more expensive.
I only wish they had one in San Francisco!
I ordered the regular Al's beef with sweet peppers.
They didn't have enough menu's for people to even order off of.
Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of "if you don't have anything nice to say..."All I have to say is this: We ordered food.
I FINALLY tried Fuego Tacos and I really really am a fan!
Also if you aren't in the mood for fried food they have tons of healthy options as well.
The enchilada sauce had a nice flavor.
There are a good number of tables, so don't let a short line dissuade you.
We were like "we don't care what time it is, it's my wedding, and I will pay you whatever it takes to get my hair looking the way I want it."
We were a once a week customer.
From signs all down 60 assuring you that you're going the right way, to having a specific Ren Faire lane to a plethora of parking attendants, everything was organized perfectly.
Then, upon ordering, they add a certain amount of red chili flakes depending on how spicy you want it.
Marty and Randy arrived in time to save us from ourselves by helping to finish off the curds.
They serve beer too.
They are that good!
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
SO WHY GO?
The grab and go meals are perfect for a quick dinner and the sandwiches and soups are spot on for lunch.
The drinks are weak, and overpriced, but the food reasonable.
Loved it!
WOW what can I say... our friends have eaten here for years and we finally got to eat at Don and Charlie's for the first time in all the years that we have been coming to Spring Training.
Ah well, at least I still have the memories (and the coffee table, end tables, TV stand and lamps).
We order the small pizza and salad and the guys could have cared less and took our $ and we sat down.
So overall, sounds like I am bashing this restaurant, I am not but I am dieing to find a reason to go back because there is something good about it, the atmosphere, the lighting, the seasonal menu.
The staff is sooo horrible.
I love this place!!!
They were horrible tasting.
We went on a Sunday morning, knew there would be a crowd but the wait in line wasn't long and we had a table right off.
Great place to grab some beers before and after a spring training game.
Friggin morons.
They are very personable and attentive to your needs.
They have no house cues on the floor.
They demonstrated a bath bomb for me, and I was MESMERIZED!
My husband and I absolutely LOVE this restaurant!
I am not in love with this place nor do I despise it.
Took in 6 pieces, I expected to pick up six pieces the next day.
Since then, they have added a full kitchen and the food is amazing (chicken strips that were designed for diners who appreciate tempura-like batter and are over the age of four), the beer is astounding (one word: Kolsch...makes me swoon) and the people are great.
I guess it's not really the most accessible place, but Frank & Albert's is located in the Arizona Biltmore Resort & Spa and serves as one of their restaurants to their guests.
The navels and tangerines are delicious, and very reasonably priced.
But, to stay on topic, the menu is a bit pricey but Hob Nob's has retained the Willo House's cozy, neighborly feel, though yes, over a few short years it transitioned from hippie to yuppie.
Great vibe once you walk through that door.
After asking the driver if he dropped off at 'Pecos', not 1 but, 2 times, and he agreed both times, we wound up in Chanlder/Gilbert border NOT on Pecos.
I had always heard great things about Pita Jungle, but it wasn't until a recent visit there that I became a believer.
Granted, it is about a 7 block walk to most of those places, but the lower price and FREE parking definitely make it worthwhile.
From the wood fired pizza to the delectable salads, everything on the menu is worth every penny.
flavor and tasted weird...Being raised on Vietnamese food, the strangest of foods has been in my mouth, but I think this falls into the acquired taste category...As in I never acquired a taste for this.
Maybe if this bean burrito were exceptionally good or large in size, but it was neither.
After selecting a few items, I bought the mesquite almond stuffed olives and lemon and blood orange olive oils.
I actually typed lairs by accident which works too.
Suffice it to say, I L-O-V-E this store!
Bands and support were fantastic, but this was my 1st time so can't compare.... GU gel is always on me, great to see them out there.
I must have been Vietnamese in a past life.
Great atmosphere!
Prices were reasonable and food was good.
Always busy, but isn't every good restaurant?
The pizza was the sausage and it was wood fired, nice and perfect.
This is the old El Paso BBQ and they did a knockout job with the remodel.
The food was good and affordable.
What can I say I love AJs especially the Boulangerie or coffee bar.
I want to say that this time was different because we had THE BEST SERVICE EVER!
The ingredients are fresh, the meat juicy and the fries are crispy as they should be in my opinion.
I met up with the fabulous Jennifer T. and I was so happy to check this place out!
cheese."
Our server tried hard but he was too slow and didn't get our order right.
with as many awesome & authentic mexican restaurants as there are in the valley, there's no reason on earth to come back, except MAYBE to try a mango margarita.
I couldn't believe the staff was allowing this to happen.
Great wine selection.
I take my four year old to see him too, who always greets Dr. Hunt and Larissa with great big hugs.
Neither my iced tea or water ever got below half a glass.
Even if there are stinky ducks there from time to time. ;)
This is the my go to place for Chinese food.
the husband had two slices, which were more than plenty for a meal.
I like to wander, I have a curious sense of adventure.
Pearl is an exception to the rule.
Parking is awful for lunch.
What a great ambiance!
Sweet!
The Good: -Virtually any sport you want to watch, they'll have it on one of their many TVs for you.
Tastefully integrated with these elements is a contemporary interior design.
Happy hour from 4-7 LOVE IT (I get mad when places are 3-6- who gets off work that early??).
For some bizarre reason, on the weekends, it is filled with asian-women/white guy couples,    which strikes me as hilarious.
We were seated in a nice lil half booth/table combo and had a huge jar of koolaid and sweet tea delivered to us.
There was nothing for vegetarians.
Although, I wouldn't suggest eating here... My friend and I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup.
The trains have stayed clean, they run when they are supposed to, and I've never had a problem.
It doesn't look like much, inside or out - it's in a little strip mall tucked behind Churches Chicken at 35th Ave.
There should be one that fits your taste, even if you're not a big beer drinker.
Would I come back?
Love the atmosphere, the patios, drinks and especially the chicken lollipops.
I'm so sick of my only sandwich choices being either tomato/basil/mozz or lettuce/tomato/cheese...and that's pretty much what they had here.
I have never been there during bar hours, so it might not be a good later in the evening, but I usually go around 5-7 for dinner and the food has always been excellent.
This would have gotten three stars, but then it gave me indigestion all day and I couldn't eat dinner, so it loses some for that.
Just put something on it to give it with that brulee feel or name it a vanilla shake.
Best Steak Ever.
I don't think I can live without True Food!
He also ordered a mocha, which at $4 was about the size of what you'd get at Starbucks, and my husband said that it was on par with their quality.
Large pictures of the main dishes in the counter area show you what they offer even before you are seated and handed a menu.
This was not it...
Also we went on a friday night and probably because of the small area it got very loud, which I know the management has no control over, but just an fyi of my experience.
In summary, I can wrap up Yard House in two words.
People who raved about the flatbread pizzas...I have no idea what you are talking about.
The place is pretty big and it seems that if you would come and sit in a different place each time it would be like going to a different place.
We didn't even see the big loungy area until after the show.
the portions are small.
The whole experience was rushed, loud, uncomfortable, and not "indulging" in any way.
I value time and in my business my word is everything.
New and big yes... but not my favorite spring training park.
Overall, a wonderful place for drinks and good food with friends, and the staff is pointed but efficient and will throw back any shit you give them, in good humor or, as appropriate, not. (
Legends with tantalizing visions of juicy burgers, golden fries, creamy milk shakes, and flavored sodas came across state lines into Los Angeles, but how could such wonders be true?
I had the scallops.
I was so, so hopeful.
I got some cold fries once, called the corporate office, they sent out some gift cards for our meals, then followed up with a thank you card as well.
(And since it is a Chinese restaurant, that means a little more than scary).
The dual menus, one french-ish and one southwestern-ish are sort of on odd pair, but it is Scottsdale.
Maybe we missed the rush?
Great choices, great venue, and good food.
I'd like to see them actually follow up with their clients as promised when orders come in.
The bf and I came here around 10 on a Friday night and were FINALLY *pleasantly* surprised with the place.
After watching a couple of employees add lanterns to their outdoor umbrellaed tables, I noticed the "OPEN" sign on the front door, so we entered the resto, whereupon we were greeted warmly by a male host and shown to a two-top.
But instead, he chatted us up and he talked about how he was so inspired by Asian food and how he wanted to bring that influence into his food and to Arizona.
A little pricey for the portions but the flavors are outstanding.
If you want the ONLY good cajun food in Phoenix, treat yourself to Flavors of Louisiana.
Its not expensive at all, food for two is like $15.
We used to be big fans of this place.
Randy had found a bottle of ginger beer imported from Australia that had a wonderfully refreshing true ginger taste.
I got the small bowl and still had enough left over for another meal.
My wife got an extra plate of fries and they were a few bucks but they didn't give her more than ten!
It was a total let down.
I'm glad to see that a nice, clean and friendly local place is being supported and recognized.
My name is Christi and I'm a carb addict.
Nice selection to baked goods and great taste.
They have coupons ALL the time.
I created a monster when I brought my family to Chipotle for the first time many years ago.
Coming from SoCal I think In N Out has this place beat.
Gyro IS a pita.
She gives me a blank look like she saw a ghost.
The other locations are just as good.
Way old school.
Good food but an oddly small menu with no appetizers listed.
So I asked for a large paper bag.
Great outdoor seating, amazing-truly amazing mussels.
Enough other reviews have touted the wonders of that amazing spice, the Szechuan peppercorn, so I'll let their words be the guiding lights of wisdom for that.
Reminded me of Four Peak's SunBrew.
Nowhere near the same league as Arlecchino, though.
They don't cheap out on the pour with these bastards, and they are not overpriced for what you get.
The cheese fries and onion rings are homemade.
I ordered a slice of quiche and an iced coffee.
T&S Glass did a wonderful job replacing my car window.
I explained my calm, analytical dining experience to my waitress and she was very understanding and was fine with removing the item from the bill.
We were not disappointed, as a matter of fact, we were pleasantly surprised with every aspect of our evening.
I ordered the white truffled scrambled egg skillet (white truffles are my fave).
My husband said the bread and the olive oil was amazing.
Just reheated it in the microwave and enjoyed it again.
I recently hosted a 25-person family party there, and both the food and service were impeccable.
I'm craving it now as I'm writing this!
25 out of 30 points, 4 out of 5 stars.
I suck at bowling, and yet I love it.
I was amazed, frankly, at how beautiful this tour was.
I would highly recommend.
Thanks!
The outer circle was baked, but the rest was cookie moosh. (
The word mock appears on the menu no less than 30 times, and that made me want to flee pell mell at mach 1 out of there, sonic boom be damned.
It is simply the most unbelievable creation that includes artichokes, red pepper, and spinach.
As a vegetarian and sporadic health nut, I just love TJ's.
All this time smiling.
However, another one I got was normal - so it was just the luck of the draw there.
Sure, it's not a whole lot, but I'll take what I can get!
The food was excellent.
you would think for a place that promotes itself as being so poise would get some fancier menus, other than a $.15 piece of cardstock copied in bulk at kinkos.
My only issue would the lack of an obvious manager on the floor or presence of any hierarchy.
NYC style.
My mother even left her stylist of 10 years to start going to him because of the excellent service he provides.
You order at the counter and then they bring the food out to you.
The inside is precious, decorated to the T-- not a single spot was missed.
Thanks yelp!
I haven't had their food yet, but I have partaked in their fantastic drink specials.
So good, the husband had to order one for himself.
Shiverrrrrrrrrrrrr)Promblem solved!
And even though the order was right they still managed to screw up one of the items we ordered.
What I really do not understand is why Pita Jungle is so packed and this place is empty.
But what sets this place apart is their other offerings.
And at under $20 it is a steal.
This isn't bad, its just I think they choose not to add preservatives to ensure the freshness of the pita.
Score!
The salsa bar is the main attraction for me.
Unlike most Wal-Marts, they have put a Subway inside instead of a McDonalds.
Meatball sliders were the best of the 3, the sausage was definitely and acquired taste.
They have made huge strives in their water skills.
A good place to celebrate.
Moving on to the booth, our waitress was definitely in the weeds.
The room was not ready when we got there so we got a cottage which was supposed to be an upgrade with a semi private patio.
I got what I got, and it didn't exactly include what I like, or what I didn't.
Love for the environment.. eh.. not so much.
The store associates are helpful too without being too pushy.
I dug it.
The town boasted 3 saloons, a boarding house, general store, blacksmith shop, brewery, meat market and a school house.
Very opulent without being ostentatious!. We both ordered the bone-in filet which is an excellent aged prime cut.
You also get to top it with just about anything, but I don't want to subsidize other people's toppings.
The Cuban sandwich was okay.. the ciabatta rolls are so thick and chewy that when you take a bite the toppings sort of fire out the back.. for a Cuban sandwich I think it had some sort of Asian spice, like cardemom??
The deli sandwiches are good.
Came here on a Friday night to split some wings and a cheeseburger with the lady.
They also give you a free haircut after 11 or 12.
And as always, I came out super impressed and ready to show off my piercings.
I really have no desire to go back.
Yucca is a great neighborhood library, if I may say so.
I always get their sweet and sour chicken and I am never disappointed.
In the mirror.
Sides: Twice baked potato.
The patio/bar area upstairs is open seating so you can usually snag a table up there even during busy times.
5.
Major disappointment, times 4.
Now.
vibe.
Are we going back?
So he kinda lied earlier, which wasn't cool.
Great food, great service and great ambiance outside.
The olives we ordered were rough at best.
Everyone was friendly and made you feel welcome.
Consistency is an issue with the Chipotle chain.
At least one of the revelers apologized right when we sat.
I got much more work done at 3 Roots near campus.
With that said, the creativity is good in their menu selection, but poorly executed.
We asked our waiter for a side dish, mashed potatoes with Parmesan, and when they arrived, we couldn't believe it!
They first serve you lil condiment plates from seaweed to kimchi (spicy marinated cabbage that has been fermentated).
Being a San Jose native, I know Pho and Vietnamese cuisine.
The BF and I went here this morning for breakfast after finding it on yelp.
Sounds like a steal.
However, we will probably just order the brisket to go.
The happy hour, the drinks (Umami Punch, you are my liquid soulmate), the special rolls...I can't help myself. ("
In Short: Long lines, complicated menu, and a fist full of dollars ........ for a hot dog?
I went there as a girl (15+ years ago) with the family on a regular basis.
But it's only about $1-3 off per entree, and I understand it may cost more to get their supplies to the desert.
Why only three stars then?
My absolute favorite salad is the Turkey Waldorf.
Last time I visited, there were baby ducks in the house.
There sandwiches are made with all fresh ingredients and their bread is wonderful.
Added two stars because they have been consistently 5 stars since my last review...but I am still watching.
I've loved every single flavor I've had there (peanut butter, brownie swirl, mint chip, salted butter caramel, mayan chocolate, and more).
If you like buffets, do yourself a favor and make this your number 1!!!
I will eat anything that includes green chiles in it.
The staff neglects the dining room.
Check all your shit seriously, allot of this stuff is here because it is damaged, so be careful they have no return policy that is why it is LAST CHANCE!
The krakauer wurst was pretty unique.
Living in this area I frequent Desert Ridge a lot, and have been to this Macaroni Grill several times... their food is actually pretty good which is why I let the horrible service slide a few times... My friend and I have had experiences such as standing at the host stand with no assistance for several minutes while several employees made eye contact.
Lots of good deals to be had here and the service has always been speedy and courteous.
I didn't have to break out the bacon (although I should have taken my flask...no cocktails at Green for Donald...oh well, agave sugar cola was a delightful departure from the ordinary).
Not to mention, the sound guys do an awesome job.
Great service, great carne asada and a pleasant patio on a beautiful day.
For mains we both tried the tomato and basil soup....very tasty.
They, much like the brisket, are perfectly smokey, wonderfully seasoned, and impossibly tender.
I used to frequent it in CA and have never found another sub that comes close.
If you don't get there early enough to stake your spot, you're likely to be standing the entire time.
I would take it downtown again but park in the right spot this time.
CheckHas sweet tea?
"Okay."
I would have eaten the original bowl, and told him so, but I was more concerned, as I said, that it was someone else's.
Great place to take someone who loves sushi but is indecisive.
Who has money for new furniture if you take care of your customers bellies.
The meat was dry and lacking an particular flavour.
Rich but thinly sliced and therefore nicely saturated each piece of the French Toast was exactly as it should be - the exterior crisp and the interior custard-while the sauce provided a pleasant balance of fruity notes and intrinsic sweetness that complimented rather than overwhelming the bread.
Food1.
We found Ippei happhazardly through United Airline's dining points program and were instantly hooked.
The other smoothies are okay.
If you are in the mood for pizza this is possibly the best pizza, no it is the best pizza that I have had thus far from tempe.
The BBQ Chicken pizza is my go-to but the Thai variations are tasty, as well.
Great food and very good service.
I soon realized that I looked like an idiot, and just gave the vacuum a tug, and it came right out.
I dream of the day that I find such a cute little place on the West side (feel free to suggest one if I'm missing it).
They bring such a delicious flavor!
This place serves your standard menu items.
Place is tiny and relies mostly on outside seating, and parking is a bit tough like everywhere in that area, but worth it.
Live very close to this theater so I go there whenever I can.
and a really yummy banana wrapped in a won ton and fried with a sugar glaze thing.
We had to wait about 25 minutes before getting seated but it was no problem because our server brought us drinks while we sat and enjoyed the live jazz music.
I strongly recommend eating at the bar until they get the staff better trained.
A guilty pleasure is the bacon wrapped shrimp with goat cheese and the onion rings!!
Anything with their yummy fig jam is amazing.
I ordered the peach sangria on the recommendation of a friend but found it to be too wine-y for me.
Since it was our first time there, we ordered a variety of options.
We had the grilled cheese with pancetta to start... I love a good grilled cheese and these were perfect little bites.
We have boarded her there as well and the staff is so kind, and when our dog gets there she cant wait to run up and play with the staff!
Anyhow, the entrees eventually came.
Everyone was very polite and accommodating I look forward to going back!
They have a lovely inventory of greeting cards as well.
I have been a regular here for years.
Not a difficult task.
This seems like a decent place to get a drink, if youre so inclined, before going thru security.
It was only 4:30 pm.
For entrees, which they serve family style, we got the Shanghai Delight (broccoli, snow peas, and shrimp in a sauce) and the Chinese Braised Short Ribs.
Great food and drink.
I went to Copper Star Coffee to get my drink of choice, an iced coffee with cream.
Since it was not what I was expecting I had a hard time drinking it but it WAS good...just in a different way that's going to take some getting used to.
The Bruschetta was quite good (and at $6 also a good value) and with a nice mozzerella and balsamic drizzle...it was tasty.
In spite of that, our wait to be seated was fairly quick.
You will not be disappointed.
I love late check outs, they make your day/morning better.
There is nothing better for nursing a hangover than the Good Egg.
It's just a pair of fins, a buoyancy compensator over your back, oxygen regulator into your mouth, and a mask.
All in all... it's a pretty good experience.
Ultimately we each tried 10 different items.
The cashier was not super friendly, but the manager was.
I'm sure many people will enjoy the food.
The size of a large pizza, they came in flavored varieties for making yummy wraps.
I still love my blackberry and maintain it is better than iPhone, by the way!
The skillets are mighty tasty and really satisfying (my fave: The Vatican with eggs over easy).
Nice looking place with average food and horrible service.
Served with side of refried black beans and spicy rice, and a little plate of grilled onions (sweet & tastey) and jalapenos.
What you expect in a sports bar.....Outside the crowds quieter and more tolerable.
My friends and I were in Arizona for Dodgers' spring training a few weeks ago and were at the mercy of Yelp for finding things to keep us busy at night.
Decor is basic Mexican restaurant but comfortable.
Very outdated and gaudy 80's style interior made me feel like I was in an episode of Sopranos.
Owners are very nice.
Hehehe...well, ok maybe not.
I appreciate the staff at this location not being the usual apathetic hipster PJ is known for.
It was better than the only other place I've been too which had dirty grey chicken in its dishes.
For Dessert, I ordered the White Chocolate Ale which was by far the most dessert tasting beers I have ever tried.
I really like the location and I hope more businesses open up downtown.
The hubby got a very lightly seared tuna fillet.
AZ 88 was a great experience all around.
You gotta try it!
Of course, she herself has no children.
It is a must because of their un beatable holiday spirit.
There were no hand towels in the unisex bathroom.
I said "It's quite simple.
Grab a lawnchair or toss a towel down and enjoy.
Three full size entrees (each entree serving 4-6) is regularly $80.
Delish!
We waited over 30 minutes  for a table.
The sweet tea is outstanding and reminds me of my days in Atlanta.
Go!
realized I rank this a 3, what am I insane??
I know that a good pizza has a "flame kissed" look to it, even at top places like Bianco's.
Equals the case of raw cooked veggies.
Nobody's there because it's simply horrible.
Olive and Ivy is the Fox Restaurant of choice for consistently good food, great drinks, and most of all, outstanding service.
Glad I did!
Despite this I will definitely be returning soon!
Changing Hands is the perfect bookstore.
AA supports US jobs and their factory is here in the states where they actually care about ethics and their employees.
The organic-y menu ranges from special dietary needs (Gluten-free, Egg-free, Dairy-free, etc.)
I couldn't get enough of it!
But really, why should we have to pay for something we weren't hungry for just so they can get their pacing right?
However, there is not enough chairs for the amount of guests.
great service and average food.
The only problem is if I fill up on the various rolls and sushi pieces, I don't have room for all of the other wonderful items Hong Kong prepares.
I eat breakfast here all the time and I have never been disappointed.
Some were straight but I like that, its nice when breeders what to hang out just for the fact that they wnat to hang out and dont care if your gay/straight.
What a shame this place is doomed.
Four sliders and fries for FOUR dollars. (
So much he did the sign for "more " for the first time at the store:)I do want to try the bacon flavor....so a trip soon is in order
It's the perfect blend of self-service meets top restaurant quality food.
It's around $1.30-1.40 a bun and they seem very fresh because the times that I've came by, someone is preparing and cooking them in large ovens in the back.
I adore Radio Milano.
What really bugs me about ALL the Fry's stores is their waste with receipts.
it has grown since then and the food is always top notch.
I prefer the former but those who prefer the latter won't agree with my review.
Prices are reasonable too, which doesn't hurt!
The bread tasted ok, but it wasn't fresh out of the oven.
You have alot of people in that casino so you're making money off some sucker...just not this sucker.
You're paying almost 15 bucks for a lunch originally meant for miners.
FYI: It's cash only.
Been here twice now and tried two different dogs and two sides.
Is Riazzi's going to be sexy for the young, hip crowd?
The come on a bed of greens with some sort of vinegar dressing, which was a nice compliment.
Just drives me crazy that a restaurant uses the main parking lot for "free" valet, when it should be for customers, and valet down to another lot.
It was refired, and v2 was the right temperature but still over-salted.
At the time she had a bit of an attitude and didn't do too well with other girls.
Had the hummous, its simple & tasty but too "chilled", next time I will ask for an extra plate and stir it up real well before we dip.
Once I found a piece of plastic in my sandwich.
It might look old but it is always clean.
The portions are good for the price and the small dinner feel is great to eat in.
Better pricing is the missing star.
Won't be back...
There's a great mix of vendors, who sell everything from baked goods to coffee, from vegan wraps to preserves.
I stay at hotels about 80 nights a year for work, and often go to Phoenix.
We won't be back at least for awhile.
Let the popcorn parties begin!
In Tampa I paid more like $65, but I much prefer Par Exsalonce.
P.S. everyone saw you bif it on your fixie as you rolled up to the bike racks.
My family has actually become fans of Buddy and look forward to his oldies.
FYI, I think you're getting really cheap alcohol in there, seemed pretty stiff.
I went to the restaurant and stood at the counter for 10 minutes without being helped.
I live in Scottsdale and work in Phoenix, so I go to the 20th St & Camelback, Scottsdale and Oak and McCormick Ranch locations.
It was like all the best of Gucci Mane and all that Southern type club music... very good stuff.
It was way tasty but it could probably double for spackle in a pinch.
and are they interested in adopting or marrying me...
On the other side of the airpark off of Greenway-Hayden loop is Global Pi Security.
The margaritas come from a stolen recipe from La Pinata Nueva , but too bad they didnt bring the recipes with them.
40 MINS after placing our order, I have still only had my coffee refilled once...and had to flag down another waiter to inquire about the status of our food again, because our actual waiter is nowhere to be found and the previous "drive-by" waiter never returned.
I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.
You like hotdogs?
After talking to a few of the bartenders at Bobby C's Lounge (LOVE THIS PLACE), which we found on Yelp, they told us about Char's.
If one could give a nice slap to a porterhouse, this would be quite a spankable piece of meat.
if a hipster bar met a dive bar, this would be their offspring!
The red sauce with the chips is actually brewed in the sixth level of hell.
You need a giant mall like this when it is 120 degrees outside!
I would rather go to Moon Valley all the same new stuff but much better loking people.
Wow.
WOW!
I went there when it started first and had it looked at - "Nothing wrong, here are some artificial tear drops."
The snickerdoodle at the end is perfectly baked.
The sweet pea risotto and roasted tomato-chanterelle ragout were a great addition.
I go to a restaurant for the food first.
No.
This review is slightly bias, seeing that I was in the press box.
Driving out from Mesa won't be easy!!
I don't like the pizza hear and if you go for lunch there are no specials by the slice.
Sadly, no.
Lots of pasta, sauces and just about anything you could want for Italian food.
The seating outside is nice.
I'm a huera, but my Hispanic pals all rated this place authentic.
I needed to dip my fries in something other than ketchup so they came over and asked what they could whip up for me.
Services is overly rapid and one feels pressured to finish up and allow the waitstaff to get the next course on the table.
Thanks!
I watched him and he followed me as I walked down the isle as far as his tank would go and I backtracked a couple steps, amused that he was slowly walking along the tank with me.
They have always been trouble.
She said only the under coats will be wet and the top will be dry.
This place is so great!
Their menu is creative and there is a really great variety of food.
The music is top notch and it is usually not too crowded so you can go right up to the stage.
There are several other 'classic' items on the menu such as grilled cheese, tomato soup, milkshakes, etc...Even more impressive than the lunch was the fact that I found a parking spot right away at Kierland and I left without going into one single store.
Pros:1.
It was SUPER CHEAP & it included a drink with refills like tea or soda etc.
I do know why she did this is because I am transgendered.
Real Arizona feel!
The mere fact that there is no external sign (other than the tacky "open" sign indicating that it is, indeed, the lost leaf) you would probably never have any idea that the best neighborhood bar in Phoenix is inside.
Great owners very conversant with their costumers.
This includes, but is not limited to: the strength of your drinks, the price of your drinks, and whether or not you get a drink at all.
Everyone was really friendly, though.
Honey ordered the chicken fried steak as a continuation of the old school vibe.
The flavor of the coleslaw was not strong, but still masked the flavor of the pastrami.
Nothing is fitted correctly to it's frame, either.
I'm sure I would have a different view of the place if I were in glutton mode chomping on the custard and french fries.
Everything followed suit, bland not very authentic, someones idea of mexican food.
Getting to ElBrava we found it was a fast food stand with very little seating so this is next door.
Good for a laugh at least!
So get your LacTaid if you can do it!
He didn't even tell us about the cheese menu except to check on the one we wanted.
A more than generous portion of Squid I thought for the price.
Featuring light and crunchy layers of choux easily withstanding the tines of a fork without turning into a smooshy mess (see "Mille Feuille New York") intertwined with rich pastry cream speckled with dots of vanilla bean and ripe raspberries what truly made this version stand out was the manner in which Theodosopoulos caramelized each layer of choux, a technique reminiscent of Pierre Herme and as good as the French icon's version was I'd be hard pressed to say Essence's was any less impressive.
Ex:  spent our last 45 minutes waiting for the wave pool, getting into the wave pool and waiting about 15-20 minutes only for the wave pool to never come on and for the park to close.
They will remember you!
Worst store in the chain - I agree with one poster that it's not crowded but it also is out of items more than any other store.
I'm rating the food not the containers or the owners2.
We're at 2 Stars right now, including a boost for the clean, comfortable cafe atmosphere & nice booth to sit in.
roasted vegetable salad could be a meal by itself....very satisfying because it is not by any means a small serving and includes rich goat cheese and is served with wood fired bread on the side.
But the worst part was a few weeks ago we get a call from collections saying we owe Scottsdale Springs $300 bucks over 10 months after moving out!
Fast forward 15 + years.
It was tasty.
There is a wheel that you can spin with different actions on it, such as, "kiss a random' '50% off bill" "go plastic" (which apparently gives you a chance to win plastic surgery).
They do it exactly how I like it too, lots of cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, sour cream, and guacamole.
I am biased since this place has been one of my favorite restaurants for years.
The service was good.
Hubby luvs lox & cream cheese & capers.
I really felt like we got a taste of what the restaurant had to offer.
They have a sexy bar and great intimate decor and a South West feel that isn't done with terra cotta colored paint and teal cacti pictures.
This place is all fuss and hippity dippity so i surmise that is the situation with the crowds.
The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar.
Like everything else we had sampled, the apple pie was unusual - you wouldn't find it anywhere else.
The manager, Kaj, literally treats us like family.
I love scallops, and the scallops at The Breadfruit were simply the best.
I totally wish Chick-fil-A would sell thier Chick-fil-A sauce by the bottle cuz it's sooo good
I was skeptical when I kept hearing how amazing Jimmy John's is.
The fajitas are delish, with mushrooms and the meat always tender, but the price makes me cringe.
Amazing beer and awesome food (I didn't think that combo was actually possible)!
WTF??!!
I don't remember it being that way before so perhaps this was a fluke.
Unfortunately, I never looked up.
The sliders were awesome, all the meat was very moist and full of smoky flavor, my favorite out of the three was definitely the pulled pork.
Luci's is a good neighborhood spot to buy your health foods, drop in for a coffee or fresh made baked good, or pick up some beer or frozen meat on the way home.
I would love to know what a good chicken taco is in your opinion, I cant think of any besides maybe the California tacos at the now closed Chuy's, but the ones my sister ordered from here were full of chicken and topped with a nice chipotle/ranch like sauce which is similar.
But our waiter was awsome and fast and we received our food very quickly.
Found a great new restaurant (The House) on Main St. that I would have never stumbled across otherwise.
Good for a keepsake, special gift, 1-of-a-kind conversation piece, or create a memory.
This place looks sleek from the causeway, but the food is marginal.
Your mouth will thank you the moment you take your first bite.
The cashiers are good and give the nickel bag discount.
The owner is honest and respectful, fair and reasonable.
It looks like it would be chewy, but it is not.
i was hung up on and after calling back was repeatedly hung up on and refused to provide his name to me or his managers name!
It made the resort seem elitist.
It's a lovely place but could, and should, be so much more.
I'm a fan for god's sake.
But the physical hotel itself itself is comparable to a 2 star motel.
I would bet that the place doesn't have a DJ all the time, though.
When I think of my meal this past Friday night, I think of two words: dry and cold.
For $8, I was hoping for more food.
The food however is fantastic!
Your body buzzes with clean energy (non-caffeine) after eating here.
While I'm a sushi fan, my husband is a sushi FIEND - we made biweekly trips to his favorite haunt in NYC (Monster Sushi) and if he was on his own for dinner, I could always count on him to be there for a bite.
We sat at the bar with the bartender AJ and he was such a delight!
we have been regulars of pappadeaux in our previous  home of TX, and we still are big fans!
Anyways, everyone who works there was exceptionally nice.
What I liked the most, though, was the really good service and friendly attention we got from our server, the hostess, the bartender, the bar manager, the valet drivers, and even being greeted by the concierge and check-in when we weren't even staying at the hotel.
The sandwich was hearty (I added a pic) and very filling.
It always takes 5-10 seconds at most!
Looking at the price, I figure the taco was small and confirmed with the big, tall white tattoo guy behind the cashier, so I know how many to order.
I met some friends last night at Cadillac Ranch and this was my first time going.
Yeah.... I guessDo I think they're now looking for an extra paycheck?
With so many great choices in Old Town, why would anyone ever eat here?
We arrived at 10:30 for a Sunday brunch, and there were plentiful of empty seats for us to choose.
Some highlights- Loved the special of the day: red velvet pancakes breakfast with cream cheese topping.
Definitely worth the trip.
You may even want to move in.
I'm not fond of the shepherd's pie here.
4) Cool decor both interior and exterior.
I think us ravenous girls had a turnaround of about 30 minutes once seated.
Love the gifts.
The reviewers must have had a bad day.
She actually accused us of being undercover shoppers.
The ambiance?
The only positive thing was the lamb chops but once you factor in price that was poor too.
Its cozy enough get within heckling distance of the players, but it has a lot of the amenities of Wrigley Field...including Old Style beer and florescent green hot dog relish.
Their shrimp tacos are my favorite in town.
I felt bad for this plate though, it had to follow some illlll dishes.
Put this place as a must on your late-night hit list.
I love this quiet location right of I-10.
It's not hard to find a steakhouse in Scottsdale.
The service is always really good.
After dinner there was warm Zepellies and the birthday girl got this huge ice cream/brownie/whipped cream thing which her husband and I finished most of.
There were TVs everywhere, which was nice to watch some Sunday Night Football in the process, and I sat wherever I pleased.
The place has a great vibe, fantastic food and cocktails, and a friendly staff.
I called 4 days later and was informed the item was now available.
Honestly, if my fiance and I were the only individuals funding our wedding, then we probably would have considered this place (more than likely, VEGAS).
There is plenty of street parking.
I will never go back and I am sure sorry I ever did in the first place.
There was no way she was going to locate her Scottsdalish restaurant actually in Scottsdale.
The lobster, crab and fish are fresh and cheap.
Would stop by again if I was in the area.
still a big fan, wonderful pizza!!!
So if your ever in Old Town Scottsdale and need a great breakfast to get your day started...visit this establishment.
I got up to pay for my bill and to my surprise, there was no discount or any sort of accommodation.
While she recommended a nice glass of white wine, she poured me a totally different one the second time.
Much to my surprise and delight they are opening a second store at 75th and Cactus!
If your not watching your calorie intake I highly suggest getting the cream cheese wontons and Thai Tea with your Pad Thai!
The man had the stuffed chicken breast, and inhaled it.
I was heartbroken when it turned into Armando Bros because as much as people told me they just changed their name, they didn't.
Sounds like a good deal to me.
Joe's gets packed.
I am tired of people complaining about the prices at Sapporo.
We usually have to stop in Phoenix for our layover going to and from California from Texas, so I think this might be our new dinner spot.
So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.
The main bar, main lounge, and the big TVs are on the other side of the building.
Haven't tried the smoothies yet, but we heard they're great!
The menu was extensive and separated into "black," "green" and "white" teas, any of which I could get hot or cold...I think.
The price was not $17, there was additional tax and tip added on (which again is fine, but deceptive when we were told it would be $17 per person).
Creamy, luscious, divine...just some of the words that barely describe the wonderfulness that is Ritter's frozen custard.
GOODS: I LOVE the mozzarella that they use!
I asked for help and all I received was attitude.
Being first timers there, the service staff was very friendly and suggested what menu items we should try - to experience the best they had to offer.
It was presented stacked on top of the sunchokes and caramelized onions, with some wonderful broth on the plate.
The staff was friendly and helpful.
Compared with Kimpton's usual attention to room furnishings and design, these digs are mild-mannered.
I stopped by early this morning to satisfy my crave for something new.
This is the place for a fabulos breakfast!!
Menu items are fairly priced too.
Explained to hostess that some in the group are seniors so would need to have assurance on reservation.
This place is a great example that eating well and health can be tasty and satisfying.
At all.
The employees are freindlier and they didn't pile my pickles in one spot or squirt a huge blob of mayo in a particular spot!
Her prices are a little high but well worth the quality.
No one wants to listen to your nitpicking, go to a useless site like Yahoo Local that no one reads so you don't have to make society dumber for listening to your complaining.
Wine and booze selections are great too.
With a small list of beverages available I was asked soon if I was ready to order or if I needed a few minutes I deferred and requested a glass of water that would never reach even half-empty despite me drinking from it consistently and the restaurant soon filling to capacity.
It's been a long time since I was able to truly enjoy a salad, and this was amazing.
She walked up, didn't say a word, and just stared at me.
Delicious!
Service is always good here and I've been here when their busy and when it's slow.
I noticed the sign for Shakey Jake's before it even opened.
You see diner and that is exactly what you get.
The two servers working the front of the house were friendly multi-taskers who welcomed, advised and fetched drinks while we decided on, then waited for our meal.
I will never go here again.
They also seem to want to check in on you while you are eating, which is nice... but can be overwhelming if you are on your lunch break and trying to catch up with a friend... but I won't complain about good ol' polite customer service.
-Swoop
Super cool coffee bar with a great outdoor patio for little ones to run around!
The steak of my niece was on the dry side (overcooked).
The boxing ring is random, but I've seen friends go up there and fight in a drunken stupor, and that is a sight I'll never regret seeing.
The staff left me alone for hours and the intoxicating rosemary smell really opened my buds.
I thought I'd love it, but I think I was more overwhelmed with spice than anything.
I seriously love this store.
The only negative I can possibly imagine is that in today's hard times the cost may be inhibiting to some families.
Stopped by for lunch with my wife.
It's nice to see that this is more crowded than the fast food joint that is closer to the street.
While the menu offers a variety of choices other than cheesesteak sandwiches (chicken and even *gasp!*
Ok, found 2 Seats at the Bar and that was a very Positive Experience.
My cousin ordered The Wolfpack and was also disappointed with her meal.
What I found to be not only impressive but wise was that they had free coffee, mini muffins & sample size nut loafs for the waiting patrons, which mostly consisted of seniors & families.
You have to try these during your visit.
no, you won't find that here.
Everything was very good and the portions big!
Had to ask for things, refills on water, more chips and salsa (Which are fabulous, by the way), etc, etc.
Comfortable space.
I'm going to break this down to explain my two stars.
Sign of the whale accomplished this task.
Brought my car in to get the electric stuff checked.
My trip was inspired by Adam Richmond's visit and while I couldn't do the 12 slider challenge, I knocked out 5 and was close to taking on a 6th.
If it's just before catching a plane in the morning, a Greek meal that I might prefer first thing in the morning might not set well at takeoff as a big breakfast..
Our servers were very attentive.
I was a little hesitant of Zipps when we pulled in - didn't look from the outside like it would offer an awesome time.
They also follow tradition and bring you several side dishes.
Super fun you never know what you will find until you find it!
We were given corn bread pretty quickly, and it was devoured pretty quickly.
Perhaps Chef Mina should step Mom's recipe up a notch! #
What can I say... we eat here once a week for lunch cuz we can walk here.
Then, the pizzas came out before the onion straws.
The staff was rude and lazy.
Only complaint I have is the hours.
They get five stars now.
I think Jimmy John's knows what they are doing, and should continue to knock out those sandwiches, FAST.
Wed-Sat, sit at the bar and ask for bartender JOY.
He gave me a bit of an attitude as if I was refusing to pay.
I loved Joe's Farm Grill...you haven't lived until you have tried the Blue Cheese Burger..(not sure what it is named on the menu)...I fancy steak encrusted with blue cheese, this burger is the next best thing.
Judging by her expression, she took us for deadbeats; it wasn't offensive but hilarious, we're old enough to be confident in our own opinions of ourselves.
Wish I lived closer.
Made ya feel that something good was to come.
Don't miss out on taking home some baked goods... the baguettes are crusty-soft and warm when you get them.
Such was the case last night at Majerle's, former Phoenix Suns player Dan Marjerle's sports bar.
HDS does sever Sabrett's but this is more of a gourmet hot dog place.
We've been here several times with our kids and grandkids.
awesome and delicious place!
Their signature sandwich is the #13.
Our wine glasses were never dry, and she instinctively sensed that it would be a three bottle sort of night and suggested additional bottles to go with our meal.
Can't believe they don't offer free cups to quench your thirst.
i do eat at in-n-out.
Those are only available during lunch time!
But we just figured it was because we came on a Friday during lunch.
The atmosphere is pretty classy, in fact, it's probably the nicest-looking Thai restaurant I've been to.
Thanks USPS.
* All in all, a great gym that I'm sure will be a welcome addition to the area.
They were even upbeat and humorous!
For $20, I could've gotten much better Mexican food somewhere else.
Thanks Parker & Son's.
When we returned from our Sedona day trip, we had chips & salsa, and two cold coronas.
My friend used Sanctuary's wedding planner (and caterer) and they did a great job.
The signs are easy to read and easy to understand.
And the beets were fresh and delicious.
PS GET THERE EARLY!!
Owned by a serious, James Beard nominee, this is high taste, funky fun for killer Mexican food.
They have their teaching assistants teach us.
From breakfast to lunch, and healthy shakes like Fast Fuel, you can get it here.
So comfy, so casual, so welcoming and so non-scottsdaley it's just the best.
to make a long story short --- we had a coupon for this place.
I think the prices are reasonable.
I am sorry but, who puts anything on their coffee without even tasting it first.
But, I've gone in a handful of times and even bought a dress or two on sale at Neiman's in the past.
mmmm, Canadian comfort food!
I literally have never had a plate here I didn't like, they also have a interesting and ever changing list of specials (I usually order off the specials menu).
The Whopper Jr. itself is just... meh.. I'm sorry, I don't do mayo.
I used to frequent the Lost Leaf almost daily starting the day they opened, unfortunately I cannot say the same anymore.
Where else could you stuff down a greasy burger at 3 AM, gulp down a massive shake, listen to the wailing of Buddy Holly, have a waiter named McFly, and enjoy being trashed all at the same time?
Downstairs, hanging at the bar, you can't beat it!
It was all good.
This is the one time, and one time only that I will say this.....Thank God, I live in Old Town Scottsdale.
I moved to North Carolina in March 2012, and have not been able to find anything like it here.
We will go back as we do like the food and atmosphere and hopefully the service will improve.
Friday and Saturday nights till 3 am, Mrs. White's is servin' up some yummy munchies including Fried Zucchini around $3 and entrees for $13.
Tried this restaurant with a groupon.
We have been here twice as of this writing.
Their dog food selection is decent but their dog toy selection is worse than PetSmart.
Driving through the parking lot requires excellent shocks and there is minimal guest parking-The apartments have less insulation than a cardboard box.
The beef with red salsa was super good...and not to mention the warm, handmade tortillas.
We had the wings as an app.
I knew I would have more fun watching reruns of Sex and the City at home than boring myself even more.
Who knew that they make bi-focal contacts now?
I don't know why I challenged myself to my own personal "how much breakfast can you stuff into your stomach" contest, but I think I won.
Then, the next day, he checked his account and he'd been charged twice!! :(
See: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rolbertos-phoenix
Beer Recommendations:Lady friend who hates beer: Snake BiteHop Head: PaleComplex Beer Drinker: Stumbler or MonkeyShinePilsner.
I dont remember that care when i was at LA Fitness.
I had the swordfish with pasta and fresh veggies.
Bonus points the Starbucks is right next to it!
And I don't have a coffee pot at home right now.
I think the parmesan pasta was made there, but I know for sure the macaroni was not made there, it tasted like something I had at a picnic which was in a carton.
We'll definitely be back.
It's a good thing we don't live any closer, we'd be weekly regulars and I don't think I could swim that many laps to make up for it!
I orderd a bowl of tortilla soup (one of my faves) and I was impressed witht he presentation and taste.
I picked up pumpernickel rye bread, authentic concentrated Maggi Würze seasoning (not the soy sauce-tasting stuff you find in most American grocery stores) and Knorr zwiebel-kräuter salat krönung.
We got a few items here, specialty items in bulk foods, for example.
Friendly staff?
The guacamole they served with the chips was so yummy!
At least this one doesn't have a chloride or funky smell in the beginning.
You know how at some mexican places the beans and rice are an afterthought?
Like I said, it's an okay place if you just need a place to sleep.
It was my first facial however I was happy and it wasn't expensive.
My husband's hair wasn't even that long (maybe an inch or two).
A great first experience and am planning on transferring all our future visits to see Dr. Karanish.
I often judge Mexican restaurants based solely on their chips and salsa and Gallo Blanco passes that test.
Cheap.
It would appear that all of Surprise is feenin for a sandwich or soup/salad special from PB during 11-1PM.
Windsor also has an open dining room that extends to the patio, the lighting is also dim, and the servers are also hip.
Its pretty popular and would be a good choice to offer.
The food was good but not great.
We asked a woman working there, and she apparently did not speak English and indicated a man at the front would help us.
Very tasty.
Sat down and was welcomed immediately and offered the fresh chips and incredibly hot red and green salsa.
Popovers.
This place was written up in the East Valley Trib in one of their "5 to try" pieces, which is where I first heard about it.
Splitting the plate made the bill pretty affordable and it was just enough to fill us up without overdoing it.
~*~*-- aside from that one minor incident,~*~*I paid 9000 USD a semester to receive a so and so education.
It gets a tad loud and it difficult to tell the wait staff apart from the customers because they're all in street clothes but they're very attentive and sweet.
The Mom-mobile was detailed just right, the wait wasn't too long, and the air freshener lasted more than 1/2 a day.
It was served with a really sweet, sticky, almost BBQ-style sauce.
Now the drinks... Wow.
I unknowingly arrived at 2:05 (5 minutes after they close between lunch and dinner) but was served anyway.
The amount of cheese is just right.
We chose white chocolate chip with almond cookiez surrounding mint ice cream.
Best 22oz ribeye I've had in years.
The pork sandwich was so cheap, it was hard to believe it wasn't a typo.
The prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter.
Perhaps the way it was sliced and not in small cubes?
The Valley Beer Drinkers Meetup Group has been coming here for months - since before the name change - on occasional Wednesdays for $3 craft pints & the fantastic wings special.
Our 1st disappointment came because they had a "limited" beer list.
I can serve up the same plates at home with minimal cost.
Ok, I'm done gushing about this course...   Give it a shot, you won't regret it.
Another time, one of my friends teed off on a par 3 on the Cholla course, and hit it into a dry creek bed.
Cibo!
The appetizer was delish.
I suggested Zin since we were in the proximity.
Call me impatient I don't care,  I really do not think many restaurants deserve that title even on a Friday night.
The staff is usually pretty cool too, although one time we waited a VERY long time to get served at the Scottsdale location.
These are not the heavy, sticky sauces of Pei Wei fame.
We were there again last weekend for the football games and made it in time to order our favorite breakfast items - eggs benedict and the braised pork dish with beans, potatoes, two eggs and fresh warm tortillas.
Julia and all her employees were a joy to work with, the tasting appointment was one of our favorite parts of wedding planning.
It's a nice thick and hearty style pizza with a great tasting crust.
ace brand is cheaper price but the quality seems to be just as good!
Unfortunately, the portobello sandwich...or maybe it was the cottage cheese...just doesn't love my husband and that means I don't get to visit quite as often.
It's a must!...
But the real bonus will be how in only a few short years, you'll have saved enough money for a good plastic surgeon, which you're going to need anyway if you have any plans to remain living in Scottsdale for any length of time.
Unlike any Greek I'd had before.
Each 4oz piece of steak was perfectly cooked, juicy and delicious.
Ugh.
The driver was there within 20 minutes and was also so, so nice to me and my kids.
Kim is amazing but, not mazing enough for me to be willing to deal with his wife
First read about this in the recent 2009 Best of Phoenix and wow, what a great choice!
An absolutely divine dine!
Check it out next time you're in the mood for some awesome, authentic Mexican food.
But it felt like something was missing.
I liked the sasparilla when I was a kid, I don't think I've ever had it anywhere else.
I don't know what the authentic name for it is, Kang Karee something or other.
She kept letting us know that she was ready when we were.
I had a manicure done there about a month ago, and it lasted for 8 days without chipping!
(Trust me - this works.)
It's always been hit or miss then.
It's a little tough under the current conditions.
~ Great salsa bar: aver a dozen lovely hand made salsas; I liked them all ~ Price: you can spend under $7 and have a really good meal ~ Convelient: It is only a 2 minute drive from 24th & Camelback.
I purchased some cucumber salad from the salad bar as a side/palate cleanser.
Eating here is like eating in a casino, only less classy and with worse food.
for life!(yelp them)So, walk in and would agree that the ambiance was less than.
The bill came to around $30, which is a bit pricey because remember only two of us actually had food.
Located outside under the stars, on a relatively small balcony, the vibe is always pretty stellar.
Bathrooms were also clean.
First off, I'm absolutely not a fan of children.
Their bbq sauce is sweet with a bit of tang.
They probably don't make a bad pasta dish.
I met up with two girlfriends there and we had a great time!
The slaw on the New Yorkers was delicious, as was my whole wheat sub roll.
Sit in the front dining area to view the chefs at work in the open kitchen, or take a seat in the dining area by the bar where two flat screens showcase the action at the crepe griddles.
I DO NOT recommend them
Both excellent!
She had never been & I had to see the Hostess for a table, when two seats at the bar opened up.
I'd give it an extra half star if Yelp would let me.
At least we had silverware?
I did do a cool beer flight which was nice.
The buffet had a great selection and I was able to try new dishes that I'd never tried before.
It wasn't outlined on the menu, and our server had to explain a couple of times.
The Owner makes a stop or two to make sure you're having a good time and they even let chance decide who pays for dinner, you or the house!
Nice resort located next to the Desert Ridge shopping complex.
It was quite a good combination and was recommended by our server.
Delicious.
So I called up Discover Hyundai, as they are miles from my work.
Other than that there isn't too much close by, but if you drive up the street a few blocks to Happy Valley, you can find every big box store and chain restaurant imaginable.
They supply you with headphones and a wireless receiver that plays the audio/video of the different sections you walk into.
The bartenders know their stuff.
So rude.
Delicious.
Thus the deduction of a star.
I would give this place 5 star, but I think their one weakness is their brunch menu.
Cadillac Ranch looked really awesome from the outside, this nice red cadillac out front, nice patio outside, and an enclosed bar and grill patio on the side.
How about HUUUGE pictures of current players, or true windows to let the light in and perhaps a view of the distant skyline?
It totaled $14.00 before tip which I thought was reasonable for dinner and especially for a lamb dish.
LOL.
Salmon was just okay.
There is a lot of other places for food, and this is one of the BEST!
They'll help you find anything you need.
I wouldn't mind staying here again should I be stopping through town or stuck overnight on an unforseen layover!
This place reminds me of a narrow cave that happens to have a long bar with about 18 stools, six larger booths that can fit five patrons comfortably, four table tops, and three double occupancy booths.
It was a burger with a creamy horseradishy sauce on it, and you got a little wasabi flavor, but it lacked that kick you get from eating wasabi.
It's beautifully designed.
I contacted the owner based on his comment regarding my review and he never contacted me back.
All I have to say is get the California Club.
If I had a choice of this place over Chipotle, I would choose Qdoba ANY day!!!
I guess I don't get the whole "Smash" thing.
I cannot get enough of LGO.
DD has great food, friendly staff, and a wonderful patio.
Oaky cabernet sauvignon for beef and go for a zinfandel for the barbeque.
Here, Tony keeps shoes in spic and span condition and if you bring them in looking anything but shiny and new, you can be sure they will be returned as good as new.
Right upon entering we were greeted by someone behind the register and he sat us down at a booth.
I remember being a teenager and having to wait MONTHS to get new books.
Now don't get me wrong, I like Thai Basil.
Great pastries and atmosphere.
From the website, local magazine reviews, and driving by, I expected it to be a slightly upscale neighborhood joint, but it really is no different than a Fuddruckers.
For a struggling supermarket that filed for bankruptcy, I would think service would be one thing you could promote at no cost.
Barely average fast food quality and taste.
He checked in with us and was attentive, but not overly so, letting us enjoy each other's company.
I definitely recommend people try this!
Thick and doughy, and made even more appetizing by the charred side, it reminded me of the salt play dough we all made as kids, formed into a pancake.
I live nearby and was very excited for a new, trendy place to eat & drink.
We met our friends in the bar and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited.
The dishes provided rather generous portions (we ended up taking half of our meals to go).
You are cheap (we had $2 Stellas)You are interesting (local art on the walls that I'm told changes regularly)You are full of pretension (people watching is always worth the price of admission)You are friendly (like minded souls can smell each other out)If you are in the Roosevelt district, I highly recommend stopping in for happy hour.
Forget my danged dollar!
Returned Sunday afternoon and was  pleasantly suprised.
The hemp cream cheese is to DIE for seriously!
I've eaten here maybe 15-20 times and my wife has ordered the fish taco plate a number of times and neither of us has ever gotten sick.
The vegetable are as bright and fresh as the smiles on the employees' faces.
The bread was good, the stuffing was cold.
Afterall....who doesn't love a good sandwich!
Unfortunately, they had sold out of the oysters, but the other dishes we'd ordered were fabulous - starting with a seared tuna dish, then softshell crab roll, rainbow roll, and the green mussels.
We disagree.
The Creme Brulee was excellent, and about twice the size that Torched Goodness offers, for 5 cents less than TG charges.
No outlyers, not much spice, fairly bland, middle of the road.....but wait, its in Arizona!
There is a "bar area" with about six stools and two TV's that you are able to see from your tables/booths which usually has ESPN on.
Ordered lentil soup & sesame naan (new & listed on back pages).
Security bar sheared off.
If you want a wonderful meal for your date, try somewhere else and go there for the drinks and view.
you get what you pay for..and for 11 bucks, a couple barbie sized patties in human size buns, a not so 'AHH' diet coke, and 5 oz of wine (and that's on the 2.00 happy hour deal) ... kind of seems appropriate.
I would NEVER recommend this company to anyone.
It was actually pretty good.
Once I stepped in....well....BAM!
Plus you can't beat the price.
Christy is an amazing cake artist.
I work til 10pm most nights so its good to have an option that isn't fast food.
I actually think my opinion might have been negatively tainted by the hype.
However, I'm not quite convinced that it's my loss... It had been almost a year since my original visit to Breadfruit which did not overwhelm (as you can judge by it taking me a year to make it back) but I did have an appreciation of the option for Caribbean cuisine.
I always find at least one decent thing at Unique.
totally gay but the decor waths awethsome and retro, like for therial.
Other than that, it was clean with a friendly staff.
Big misunderstanding, most $6 are single patty and have some special toppings.
I was very wrong!
shrugs*EDIT 3: I'm officially downgrading my review from a 4 to a 3 as it's now difficult to get a table indoors and I have no interest in sitting in the smoker's lounge which is their patio area. *
The salad was flavorful and the cheesy bread was decent, but the pizokie dessert thing was awesome.
She ordered it medium rare and it was a little too pink, but still eatable.
Hard to find New York pizza that tastes like New York pizza.
The prices are downright CHEAP.
Also... the tequila thyme drink... delicious and actually had some alchyhol in it!
The crepes are made to order, the ingredients are absolutely fresh and delicious.
In a jar.
In that sense, I suppose this is has become a decent and convenient neighborhood strip mall.
Too bad that isn't what we experienced.
It didn't have that good Italian beef flavor so I asked for giardinara to add some flavor,  it was very oily too and I had to pay extra for any peppers either hot or mild.
The gravy was very bland, I ended up putting more salt on it.
I ordered the red pepper tomato quiche.
My party and I had the scallops with green beans and capers.
Salsa de Chile de Arbol was the best!!
I'm looking forward to taking the whole family and to making this a more common stop on our date night calendar.
It's a recession and the dance floor is downstairs...) I'm not sure who the DJ was but he was really good.
I've also tried their menudo & carne asada torta.
I intend to file a complaint with the Attorney Generals office today, hopefully they will stop this nonsense.
If you are dining in though, things do move very quickly.
Our family enjoys the games and food offered at D&B's.
Their sandwiches are always fresh and these people are fast.
They get 2 stars, for the pickles.
This place is like an upscale Boston Market where the chicken is lower quality and the only improvement is in the quality of the sides.
Everything was freshly made and delicious  Probably some of the best Italian cuisine around.
Oh well.
They had brunch specials going on, including $2 bloody mary's and mimosas, but we were more in the mood for lunch.
Always busy - they offer breakfast & lunch, their food is awesome!
There also ALWAYS seems to be a long line at this particular location when picking up medication.
Reason number three is that the cheese is melted.
Note that wine is mentioned first... I can't help it!
Fluffy little cakes of love.
The Chicago style deep dish is good.
PositivesI'm Indian and I can assure you this place is good.
I keep asking myself, how can it be so good?
Since I hate it that they have to use latex gloves, I couldn't tell at all that she was wearing them when i was getting my massage.
The curries that came to our table looked pretty neutral colored and the noodle dishes, instead of being on the red side or the dark brown side was also very neutral colored.
Liked the fresh jalapenos option, fries hardly had seasoning, was a bit pricey, but filling.
It was still all good!
By "good" food, I of course mean greasy and unhealthy.
The jewelery is unique and cool- it made me feel like I had etsy right in front of me, live!
We also ordered the chorizo and manchego risotto that I really liked.
It was basically kind of like bacon stir-fried with fresh vegetables with a spicy Hunan black bean sauce.
I read the other reviews and it seems to be a common thing which really sucks because I would probably shop here a lot more if the staff wasn't a bunch of pricks.
scope your table before you sit to be sure it suits your mood.
For being a Sushi joint, it had so many other things also, mostly stirfry items.
I am in LOVE with the dosas.
We were very happy about that so that gives them extra points.
So I asked the server, "Is this the green tamale?"
I don't think it was a calorie saver by any means but I am sure it was just the idea it was made with healthier ingredients.
The grilled cheese was so so.
The vada was not as hearty or flavorful as I would ordinarily expect.
The retail part has the best pricing on contacts, frames and lenses compared to any competitor.
We will definitely be back soon : )
2) Pan Seared Scallops (Hampshire bacon, roasted corn grits, wilted snow pea greens & Red Rock cola gastrique)3) Amaro Meatloaf (Montenegro Amaro Italian liqueur, pork, beef, parsnip meatloaf, smashed Yukon gold potatoes, roasted zucchini, veal demi-glace): the server described it as very meaty and meaty it was!
Splinter fits that bill perfectly.
I hope they read this and will do a better job at cleaning up!
They made one of the worst things I have ever had to do as 'easy' as they possibly could have.
I always forget my server's name but he is very nice and helpful - no complaints there!
It's not what comes to mind when I think old town Scottsdale, but places like this popping up are helping to change my mind about the area.
Again, it's a bit unfair of me to rate this restaurant because I'm from San Jose/Cupertino but I'm gonna do it anyway.
I have been Chipotle faithful for about 2 years now, and it wasn't very difficult.
Fantastic donuts!
And how do you screw up cookies and cream, exactly?
Just need to keep checking to find the treasures here.
After browsing the menu, I opted for a BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich & Fries, $10.
Combine the two and you get stumbling, which can also have its high points, ripped jeans notwithstanding.
If your out and about in the afternoon looking for lunch, stop in here.
I usually get the double wrapped enchilada combo that is pure saucy heaven!
The sweet potato fritters at The Grind are sweet potato fritters....don't get all excited like my buddy and me did before ordering them.
I love that while this location is in a nice part of town, it's not quite the same level of frou-frou as many other spots.
NO THANKS.
Both my picky eaters love eating there!
Continuing with the meat parade, a sizzling iron skillet filled with Fajitas ($16) was placed in front of me.
A bit disappointed so writing after only one exploratory visit and a revisit for the one dish that deserved an encore.
There was a 30-minute wait for my party of two on a recent Friday night, and we sat in the indoor dining area, which overlooked the bar, which was bustling full of people and had standing room only.
And as for great coffee ... try Conspire WAY better coffee and authenticly cool.
Of all the stadiums I've visited in Phoenix, this one has been the best (aside from parking annoyances).
If you do get pizza here, order it by the whole pie.
I was kind of disappointed they didn't have Fall Woodchuck as I went during their fall-themed beers time, but I guess it's kinda a pussy beer anyway (I'll qualify myself by saying I'm more of a straight liquor guy, but Woodchuck is my guilty pleasure).
I didn't specify a spicy level.
Chef Curry preparing the appetizers, fish and fowl; while Chef Badman shoveled coal onto a grill and simultaneously manning it to ensure rib-eyes were cooked to order.
Solid place to grab a cup of coffee and a morning pastry.
I ate outside in the heat.
Dave A
Without you, I would have been stuck in Phoenix with no idea of where to find Thai food for lunch that was near a Light Rail station in Tempe!
The bar area managed to fill up, because the Cardinals were on tv and it seemed as thought the high tops and patio were busy as well.
My bagel was not toasted, which I had requested, which was slightly annoying.
Outstanding artisan pizza, with as good a crust as I've ever had, and homemade mozzarella.
I will be returning soon!
Food is wonderful and service is great.
But..as with Kokopelli, it keeps the shit eaters out of the better restaurants!
For Phoenicians who never experienced the joys associated with the original Father's Office, you're missing out.
Our event was hosted by Chef MacMillan (gave the guests a few good laughs), with featured guest chef Kevin Binkley (owner of Binkley's Restaurant in Cave Creek).
Most of the kids wound up in the mexican place next door, and seeing as we were pressed for time, I decided that Id get some thai food since I love thai.
Kids or adults with a kid's attitude will love Famous Dave's.
Fun dive bar.
Needs a complete interior update overhaul and face lift.
I can't wait to return some evening to share a bottle of wine and tapas with my girlfriend.
Recently, I just did the gel nails (just the gel polish not like the fake nail stuff) and I LOVE it.
Great drink selection, if you like Arnold Palmers ask for the Tiger Woods the next time you go in.
I think the apples were from a few days ago wtih no taste and the shredded chicken must have been in the freezer and put on the salad.
2 stars for the cleanliness.
The service and prices here were both great.
My daughter has had the opportunity to travel to California and Las Vegas with the studio to participate in Nationals and Master Classes.
Obviously I'm going to compare the two.
Sauce didn't mix well with the pasta either.
It is described as three pancakes, 2 sausage links, 2 bacon strips, and an egg.
The menu was expensive, which made me think that it was a fancy place, but it turns out that the food was expensive because it was a restaurant inside a hotel!
I get the impression that they are trying to market themselves as a "downtown restaurant" more than the "place in the Sheraton"...but to be honest, it is your quintessential trendy hotel restaurant.
I'm a pay-as-you-go type person so I declined.
2.
Patio: Great views and plenty of seating.
ahhhh, sigh.
Very sub-par, and more over, just because they give you all you can eat, free peanuts, doesn't mean you should pay so much for a burger or hot dog.
All the side dishes were cold or overcooked.
Just as everyone said it is pretty pricey.
We laughed!
We were seated within 20 minutes or so of arrival, which was great considering the crowd.
It's a nice big place, yet we had to get there early since it filled up quick.
But if you like them on Facebook they sometimes have discounted tickets and contests to win free tickets.
Love it!
They even gave me a precious thank you card to put with the cookies.
It had been awhile since I had eaten a BOCA patty (over a year), so I THOUGHT it looked right. (
The biggest disappointment were the hash browns though.
But I've never understood the concept of dressing up plain 'ole french fries and serving them with ketchup.
There's a lot of entertainment there, with corn hole and giant jenga outside, and some video games and a pool table inside.
and couldnt come until a week out!
So, if I rated The Grind based solely on the Sweet and Spicy Burger, I would give it a  Woohoo, five star rating, but, I'm not , just thought you should know, you need to get that burger if you come here.
I didn't find it any different from any Antipasto salad I have tried before, but I think people love it for the dressing - which had flavor but A LOT of oil (more than half of the total dressing).
Topped with smoked ham (that's what I had), chicken, or bacon and served with maple syrup, it was beyond good.
The vegetables were fresh.
Love this place, it's on our dinner rotation.
lick a spoon and feed your grin.
despite it's billing as the 'largest thrift store in north america,' i'm pretty sure this is the island of misfit goodwill items.
This is a delicious neighborhood restaurant!
And we used to go for special occasions to "Bobby MaGees" which is where BobbyQ's is now located (says something about the quality of my restaurant experiences as a young fella)...And as cheesy as Bobby McGaees was...i kind of miss the pirate serving me my dinner (and the salad bar in the bathtub).
They had a ton of food and miso soup and all that and they were a great deal, I don't know how much they were but it was very cheap for what you get.
Hostess sat us and said a server will be by shortly, normal procedure.
This is how I am going to prepare all off my potato salads from now on.
The bread was thin and grilled panini style, and the tuna salad definitely did not disappoint!
Get the garlic herb bread, it is the best.
This is more of your "before dinner" or "before another bar" type of estabilshment.
The wait staff was prompt and friendly.
White Tanks ranks in my TOP TEN list easily above #5.
But, I let her know I was looking for good curl, and with thin/straight hair, it can be tricky to achieve.
They burger was really good, the fries were really greasy and were just okay.
When we walked in, we were seated by one server.
You can even feed the animals for a small price.
The first few batches of items I brought in came out great, but then the quality started to go downhill.
After that i noticed he was doing s terrible job bagging which caused bags to rip.
The selections of food and drink are impressive.
This place is very charming.
Food was delicious.
The sandwich is awesome, and they work the floor to check on your experience.
2.50 petite martinis after midnite; yes please!
As we arrived there wasn't that many people, I was relieved and allowed me to ask my sister 101 questions about what to do.
They've got three benches inside too.
Would I most likely strangle the person in charge of music next time?
Not as strong for my liking but good.
The wait staff saw my confusion and quickly reassured me that the name and menu had slightly changed but the food was basically the same.
The food:  Chicken lettuce wraps had a strange fishy taste.
Good sized portion and easily split between the two of us 20oz.
Awesome.
this place is a little, hole in the wall type. (
This place is AMAZING!
The rolls were fresh, crunchy, and had a little kick . . .
We saw that it was the highest rated here on Yelp for restaurants in Gilbert.
The summit is usually pretty crowded so you won't want to stay too long.
The other half was in Tampa, and since he does not care much for Thai, I get the chance to try one.
I booked a night at this resort hotel because my daughter had a volleyball tournament in the area, and they had a special for 50% off suites.
Really?
Damn boss.
Best Thai food I've eaten in the Phoenix area.
It stays in your stomach?
Great service.
You can park on the street (careful of the meters) or use the garage.
Other than that, it was a perfect meal.
I literally gained 5 ILBs on this trip and it was worth all of it.
I really like the airy, roomy, high energy vibe.
One of my top choices for downtown Phoenix.
The best part about this place is that they don't have a cover and its easy to get into.
They brought us the great basket of warm breads, we ordered bottled water for all and a bottle of some 06 Sauv Blanc that was mighty tasty.
His response: "human food"HUMAN FOOD?!?!?!
It appears that the service kinks have been worked out as our server was very attentive and the food came out quickly.
Love your studio, Love Robin and Jim as people!!!!!!!
I frequent RnR quite a bit for happy hour.
Would definitely recommend. :)
The pups were very tasty (good start).
I don't really gamble, so I only came out $10 ahead, but it was still fun.
We needed to do a lot of walking after all that eating!
It's kind of a family tradition.
They even have a fried salmon skin roll, which was very flavorful and not always available at every establishment.
the burgers were juicy, came out fast and piping hot, cooked to our specifications, and surprisingly, not too much more expensive than my childhood fave, red robbins.
Better than Pizza Hut, but for all the fuss and flash, you expect alot more.
Skip Filibertos or Jack n' Box after the party..movie..concert..and go to Mrs. White's!
Anyway, this was a great way to spend a Saturday morning and was very relaxing compared to my local farmers markets, where I often feel like I need to start throwing some elbows to get through the crowd.
We got our drinks (ten mins later) and my iced tea was good but my wife's chocolate shake was gross.
Different waitresses , same great food , same hateful attitudes.
the guy that both took my order and cooked my food was obviously drunk.
Used a Groupon here, and it was a great experience!
Pastor Jeff not only knows everyone's name but is genuinely concerned about everything that goes on in your life.
One warning I will say is for ladies, you need to be prepared for the rural atmosphere and the walk from the car to the restaurant would be challenging in heels (I had been warned so had wedges).
I actually tasted salt for the next hour.
I don't think I'd even heard of Arbuckle's, but apparently it's got a great reputation, and deservedly so.
It has a very relaxed vibe going on.
So far so good.
It's Bizzaro Houstons.
My gf and I go every time we visit her parents in north scottsdale.
Small business supporting small business... totally awesome in my eyes!
I seriously dream about their waffles and red velvet cake, I don't know what magic mix of ingredients make up the waffle batter but it's absolutely perfect and these waffles would stand deliciously on their own even without butter and syrup, but who'd want to do that?
Price is low and quality is high.
In for a dime, in for a dollar, right?
The bartenders can make a pretty good craft cocktail also.
After getting my first haircut from Israel (the barber, not the country), I know I'd have a hard time looking elsewhere.
Very good traditional breakfast spot.
also, no water fountains and bathrooms in sight so take care of all that before you go!
The carne asada quesadilla blew us away-- HUGE in portion, amazing meat, and super flavorful.
We could not eat the whole thing...there was like 3 pieces that we ended up having boxed up.
At one point I even saw him in the kitchen cooking - they need another person!
They were playing songs I never heard of so I know I'm going to be in trouble in the future by using Shazam to identify songs and then buying them from my phone!
Another small observation - the tables were too low for the chairs causing you to lean over to eat and the chairs were not comfortable at all.
i sampled a bit of everything.
I couldn't taste any kind of kick from the roll.
The service was OK too.
He doesn't say anything to me turns around and sends someone out to help me.
Pretty damn cool.
Sound quality is great for the size.
The Las Vegas roll is amazing however the crispy California roll isn't that crispy.
I probably won't return, I am pretty disappointed.
The outside patio area was really nice and they had live music and a bar outside.
I needed more out of my relationships.
For dipping I a side of David's sauce did the trick in lieu of ketchup.
You're right across from a BevMo for god's sake!
They have wi-fi, so you can chill out on your CPU or IPad.
Perfectly crispy on the edges and lots of flavor.
Very disappointed
The servers I have encountered are all VERY patient with people coming and going within the group and individual checks for everyone.
I was able to get an excellent rate through hotels.com.
Service was good.
The outside doesn't look so great, but you go inside and it's gorgeous.
I dunno...it was real difficult to get a feel for the place.
I will be back!
Teresa S. and I were one of the lucky ones to win tickets to see Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci last night at the Symphony Hall, and we were impressed with the acoustics.
He made no effort to "make things right" either by comping something else to taste or providing an incentive to come back.
The flavor was great and I ended up eating all of them.
That's what I'm calling it, until they figure it out.
Park in the lot south of the building, it is less crowded.
I would like to check it out for happy hour when fewer people are bumping into you and stepping on your feet.
Mesa Amphitheatre is easily my favorite concert venue in the Phoenix area.
I can purchase any supplies needed, heck--they will even fill out the forms!
After that first time, I didn't have any trouble finding my way back to it again.
You walk up, choose a form of delivery (burrito, nachos, salad, burrito bowl, etc) you get a choice of meat (chicken, steak, etc) then you chose your toppings (different salsas, lettuce, cheese).
Great food, great booze, club music atmosphere is pretty cool.
We asked for the manager before we left at 8:45 and was told he already went home for the evening.
Was greeted by a server after a few minutes and brought back drink and food menu.
Can't go wrong with this place if you're looking for a quiet, entertaining hangout to throw a few back.
it was hard to taste the meat with so much peanut sauce in the slaw.
Rates that top out at $28 in the winter.
Here comes the awkward part: she then asked my mom "are you Chinese?"
I am now a loyal customer of papa johns thanks to pizza hut.
The BF liked it more than me.
and fantastic food.
PS: Parking is not like it was with "My Florist" there are many more available spaces now, which is totally awesome.
They use very cheap tires that only last for a year.
This place did not fail me.
She never gets sick and has been sick all day (December 29, 2012) from the meal eaten December 28, 2012.
Buying an annual park pass makes the most sense if you plan on making repeat visits.
The closet also had one sliding door.
Atmosphere was amazing and the food.... WOW.
My local lady friend brought over a bottle of wine but forgot a corkscrew.
There's a couple of subs tucked beneath the stage.
The brewmaster, Uva, is still there, still brewing his witches draught.
Good thing it's located in Papago Park so you can go and see the zoo or the gardens or Hunt's Tomb while you're there.
I don't know why I waited so long to visit Yogurtology; it's located conveniently next to my Safeway.
Not the concept of a good vegetarian restaurant but the need to create mock this and mock that.
For sides, I ordered the sweet corn nuggets and mac and cheese.
It was all tasty as usual, the service was really excellent and the atmosphere at this location is nice and quiet.
Otherwise known as happy hour!
We started out with a wonderful wine recommended by our server, she let us taste 3 kinds before we chose what suited us.
Having stayed here twice and visiting friends for cocktails on their patios, I can tell you the rooms varied greatly from huge to average in size.
The cake was very dense and peanut buttery, but lacking in sugar.
I probably waited about 20 mins for my to go food.
If you are closer to this place than say Sushi Ave go here you wont be dissappointed.
I can't wait to take hubby here for lunch (dinner would be wayyyyyyy too expensive).
I also like the fact that they offer brown rice as an option and their eggrolls are some of the best I've tasted.
The champagne selection is outrageous here and packed though it was, our drinks arrived in seconds.
I visited Sala Thai with a friend and I had the Pad Thai.
Maybe at night this place lights up and sparkles in a way that the daytime cannot convey.
PLUS, though I was full (it was a LOT of food!)
The plaza is very nice and a good place to shop for all kinds of things.
Finally, I found Robert.
I will go back, enjoyed the experience.
I did, and it was just as good as last time!
When paying the bill, we present the voucher to the waitress, who says she cant take it.
I'm giving this place four stars because of how great the brisket was and despite not liking my dish, I had a great time and think this place has lots of potential.
Don't get fancy or try and order something healthy.
The food is absolutely perfect.
They had a lot of local Japanese restaurants selling food, such as Nagasaki Grill, Paradise bbq, and Arai Pastry, which was nice but I am close enough to all those restaurants that I could just buy their selections any time at their restaurants.
Great presentation, and the actual taste of those little guys didn't disappoint.....ahi tuna / fillet mignon / ground chicken.
Thier potatoes even get my mouth watering.
Perfect greasy food for the night after a bender, or a family breakfast.
Then, Jan Brewer.
I don't think it's anything personal.
I got the wedge.
After the first server, another seemed to take over and things got better.
We were directed to sit anywhere we liked, but it took us a while to find a clean table even though there were only two other tables occupied.
I will still come for the Tootsy Makie and Tempura Shrimp but I will make sure I always sit outside.
The presentation of the food is creative and beautiful.
Great new addition to Mill Ave.
Impossibly good Italian deli in the middle of the desert.
Price seems a little high for the caliber of food.
The ricotta cheese and tomato toppings were fresh and clean and very tasty.
I got a couple of cool chairs there, a pair of fake leather cowboy boots, 3 belted pencil skirts, 4 or 5 pairs of chunky 80's earrings, a man's plaid shirt that fits me perfectly, countless other things.
Also, my pickle spear had a hair on it.
And fresh.
We just moved from Florida and I was looking for a Restaurant with great food, service and a great view to celebrate my husbands 61st Birthday on Friday.
The horses looked very well taken care of.
We had a party of 18 in the beautiful private room that fit our festivities perfectly.
The space is great, the piano is awesome (she will even take requests by text message, while she's playing)**Correction....the GM sent me a message pointing out that all of their bread is not, in fact, brought in, but is baked fresh daily.
They are cool about how many flavors I put into my boba (usually about 4!)
Has a smokey atmosphere and a slight bar crowd but the food is outstanding.
Little did I know there are exceptions to that.
He was true to his word on that.
The "Shoe Dog" experience was quite fun and entertaining!
I don't really love beer so I had a cider and it was exactly what I needed.
The best burgers in Phoenix.
I will go back at least twice a month.
Hey, it was in my other hand.
Love it.
Just go there already!
It appears that regulars are treated with a smile and courtesy and patience.
Add bacon.
Check engine light came on in Wikieup late on Friday night.
It sits in a small strip in the middle of Mesa Riverview, but if you can find it (west of Logan's), it's worth a stop.
Jesse greeted us and was the most attentive and understanding server when two guests needed to return their drinks to the bar because they were not made properly - it was a specialty drink from their cocktail menu.
So I may sound decrepit, but I'm really not that old.
What a beautiful hotel!
By the time we were seated we were happily woozy from the beers.
I expected a quiet wine bar, but instead it is more like a loud night club.
The card in the box said you can freeze the brownies for up to a month but it was gone within the week.
Okay, we didn't discover a cure per say... but we did briefly talk about it.
I had my first experience with Matt's this morning.
They do have live band karaoke3.
The decorations are a bit sparse, but we like to sit on the patio or the conversation areas near the bar, which are perfect this time of year.
If I could change one thing about this place (ok, maybe more than one thing), I'd have a larger beer selection - even sold by the bottle.
They recently expanded their wine list to my delight and I've been having fun giving the new vino a try.
Service was good.
While the waitress didn't attempt to win me over with flattery, the service was prompt and attentive.
It's a great place to grab their special 2 slices and a coke for $4!
This is the old Rigatony's on Brown Rd- If you've never been, it has a Buca di Bepo-ish, before Buca was cool, sort of feel.
Drink's are cheap, tacos are good, and the bathrooms aren't as scary as you would think.
They cut their meats and cheeses fresh like a real deli, so already it kicks the shit out of Subway, Quiznos, and every other fast food deli chain that offers up pre-packaged meats.
Things I only liked:The Pork Kwediaw Kraphrao (mint and pepper stir fry with egg noodles) was not as mediumly spiced and could have used a touch more mintyness.
Upon first glance my other friend and I thought it was a Gamestop cuz the sign looked just like it.
I've been here three times and have not been disappointed.
I had a tough time deciding between 4 and 5 stars.
The salad was also good, but it could have really used a meat on top.
Probably the best I have had in Arizona.
Fresh and Easy's are great.
It is a wonderful ecclectic store filled with unique items.
Whole family finds what they like and the burgers are fantastic.
Then the second bite, the feeling is now in my throat.
They depend on your patronage!
I had the green chile burger and my bf had the bacon blue burger and we shared a side order of mixed fries.
I prefer authentic Mexican street tacos.
And the pizza cookie dessert, omg, druelz.
The best part?
So last 4th of July, we were having a keger.
There are a couple bars to sit at and they even open a big door to a bar for the outside too.
Each entrée comes with a drink, bread, soup or salad, and their spumoni ice cream for dessert.
The best takeout faux-Chinese is always known for generous portions at low prices.
The mix of people that was there the night we stopped in was entertaining... I can't really comment on that, as I still think everyone here in Phoenix is crazy... lol.
I know AZ spend loads of money on the AC, but I wasn't impressed.
They have a large rock pit?
Yes, I like this place so much, I am paying for a gym membership even though I have access to work out facilities for free in my own building....including free personal trainer....but instead I get in my car come 5pm and drive to a gym I pay for because this athletic club is worth it.
I am starting to think this isn't a fluke and PB has lost it's magic touch.
She said that corporate said they are not to cook the fries that way.
Food was pretty good, although we just stuck with the happy hour menu.
The resort is absolutely top-notch, the rooms are very spacious, the staff is very courteous, and the facilities are simply superb.
The drive to the top is really fun, and the view is worth it.
LOL
Scramble is a great place, especially considering their vegan breakfast options, which are far too few-and-far-between in the valley.
It was all I could do not stop and get some milk so I could utterly devour the rest of my donut on the way to work.
I decided to pretend like it was no big deal to take my top off in front of a total stranger, and just took it off.
I wonder if I should share it with Rudy's?!
PCG is the restaurant by which I judge all others.
It definitely has a bit of character to it and I wish I had more time to stop by there.
He was so wonderful and really helped take the pressure off of what was going to happen next....surgery!
I would've gone 2 stars if I were more forgiving.
I have to say, the crowd at Kobalt is really different (in a good way) than some of the other bars in town.
At this price point ($175 including wine and tip for the two of us) I expect more than what was offered.
There's normally only 1 person waitressing/taking orders, so expect a slow turn around during breakfast & lunch time.
Definitely a hearty pizza because of the ricotta cheese.
I came here with 3 other classmates: Angela, Julie, and Natalie.
Recently, my husband and I have bought albums from Beirut, Andrew Bird and Iron & Wine.
The Wreck salad is also great (for a salad).
Not to mention the atmosphere that for me has the perfect combination of sophistication, decor, music (4 more stars for the DJ's mellow-ambient rhythms) service, and vibe that indulges all the senses wonderfully.
The decor and ambiance is not much different than most other small breakfast spots but it is clean and welcoming.
This time, the food was decent.
The chicken strips were a-ok.
This place simply doesn't care.
The coffee is excellent.
4.
It's tough to do this review, as I can probably only remember 1/2 of my times being here, and that is being generous.
If you have the time and the money this is a place to have a great evening.
Portion size was nice, about 2 1/4 cups.
But if your looking to do the bulk of your shopping here...why not just go to Safeway?
Just keep the receipt.
Fine.
That I collect their spoons, only used by me and the hubbie, and I now have 5 YGL  cups full of spoons!!
They offered some sort of validation system to reclaim some of the $30 coughed up, but it all seemed more than shifty in nature so we decided to park elsewhere.
OK, they have a couple of tables for 6 but thats really it.
I enjoyed my nights here.
I love this place and hope to return next year when visiting family.
Go on.
It was $8 for a sandwich and soda but the sandwich was hefty enough that I saved half for later.
I am not a picky eater, nor have I been known to complain about food or service when dining out.
I will be shopping elsewhere.
If it wasn't for the location and the super scary after dinner club scene, I would go every.single.day.
I have since started going to a gym which is much more expensive but worth every penny to be treated with respect.
They have a great atmosphere, the inside has roll-up, garage doors and there is a huge patio.
You gotta hand it to those Castro brothers.
One, it can get a little noisy in there, so may not be the best place if you're planning a discussion over your meal.
FYI, I love meat but every once in a while I like to grab a vegetarian dish.
I have to say hello when I drive up to the speaker due to getting no response.
Yay, I am a fan!
The happy hour prices were enticing and I would definitely return for it:)  Although for my personal taste the ambiance of Kabuki seemed a little too corporate for me I definitely would return for their happy hour and maybe to sample other menu items.
They have like office chairs in every other row.
There were mimosas waiting for us.
The menu seems to be decent enough, with a fair amount of selection.
This is where my coworker, Dani, and I went after eating at Sens.
I decided to book a consultation with Jen to have her meet the furry family and learn more about her and her services.
Authentic mexican food at inexpensive prices.
I love his work so much, I want to marry a Tyson Crosby print.
I like myself.
I get the veggie on sourdough and really love the taste.
At the ripe old age of 3, it's time for my previous review to take a siesta.
Follow us on facebook at Justin Willys!
Both of these happened here.
My favorite was their tomatillo salsa.
That is why I stopped going to Lux because it eventually got so crowded all of the time.
Once again, THE TROUGH SLURPERS offer far too many stars to this mundane eatery, proving again that they are truly CANAILLE of the first order.:
Essentially, a diabetes sandwich.
But that's really anywhere I suppose.
However once again the food was dropped off with no silverware, no condiments and no refills on the coffee.
Especially if they two-step.
messy.
But its definitely not first on my list for the kinda of bar scene i'd normally be looking for.
I wanted peek-a-boo highlights in my bangs, and even though she thought it was an odd choice (and asked me if I was sure a few times ;) she gave them to me.
And the food it utterly delish and authentic.
Great dark athmo to take and sauce liberally your date.
they're well-fed and happy).
Just take a peek in the freezer section.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix#hrid:4cXbhzxxtmExF9kRjmFViQ/src:selfThe only hitch here is parking is terrible during peak hours.
The boyfriend ordered the Organic Ravioli with Ricotta cheese and kale pesto (~$13), which was super good!
Phenom.
At least I think.
The servers are all very attentive and kind which makes the eating experience so much more enjoyable.
We noticed an immediate difference in the coolness of each room -   and we look forward to saving on our energy bill too!
Terrible service--they replaced my phone screen and it broke within 2 wks.
Even if you are allergic to corn, take the plunge and try these...unless you might die, then stay away as that might be bad PR for PCG.
Furniture handles missing.
I ordered the #17 (Jambon and Pork) on a croissant and a large thai iced tea with no ice.
Did some online searching and decided to call AmeriZona.
I can't stop thinking about the carne asada Torta.
$36 for 2 adults and 2 children. (
Check out their website for their usual schedule.
We were a bit concerned that we were going to get wet from the rain on this day, but thanks to the valet service the hotel & restaurant provide we stayed warm and dry!
Service is OK, not bad, not good.
The menu changes often, so I can't really recommend any particular dishes, other than the amazing Thai shrimp and coconut soup, the one dish that's always on the menu.
we went with the hummus and pita bread and it was so fresh and yummy!
It's worth the membership and that membership gets you other perks too.
If you want to keep your items safe, you have to bring your items to the front desk, make a list of what you're dropping off, and then sign.
If you're into bleu cheese, the bleu cheese mac is VERY bleu.
Neither my husband nor myself finished.
Its rockin now.
But!
I actually only went there one time, I live in Chandler, so it's just a little out of the way.
If you live in the area, I'd recommend checking it out!
That was the last we saw of them for the next half hour.
Sure, you can go to finish line and get a pair of sneakers there.
Kudos to the Arizona Science Center for offering exhibits that appealed to the both of us.
Nice touch... Ask for Larry if you go.. he was right in tune with our special requests... We ordered their Signature Salad and I said we would share it... Larry had the kitchen serve it as a split.. Larry made the dinner and celebration very Special.
Sadly they had no T-shirts for sale.
In fact, my hubby usually counts on me doing this since I end up eating all my veggies and leaving most of the beef for him.
It was not what I was expecting AT ALL, when I think of a grilled veggie wrap, I imagine tasting all those veggies bursting with flavor after caramelizing on the grill, they had no flavor though.
I want a decent portion of not-overly-sauced white meat chicken over a bunch of veggies.
I couldn't take my eyes off of them and that distracted me throughout the night.
But not the one at TATUM AND SHEA.
Oh my... Delicious!
Without a doubt my favorite breakfast pastry and perhaps my favorite French pastry overall, Essence's $3 twice baked option arrives slightly smaller than the average but with a shell that crackles to the tooth and an interior that is at once yawning pockets of air and nearly overloaded with butter and light frangipane there is no doubt that this is a case of "big things in small packages," and particularly in its still-warm morning state the flavors and textures rivaled those at Dominique Ansel and Payard Las Vegas for best I've had stateside.
Glad I grabbed the 'go' box because I had serious craving the next day.
The coffee was ok, let's say... better than "breakroom" coffee.
Bears bears everywhere!
As soon as I walked out in a new dress, she had the old one out and the new one ready to go and waiting for me in my room.
Combination chicken fast food joint and gas station?
It was so sweet and not very pineappley but still good.
Definitely will be ordering food from here again--just maybe during a less busy time.
Kudos to you... my dear My Big Fat Greek Express owners and employees for making my oh-so-many dining experiences pleasant!
Guac and bacon on a burger is ingenious.
The Kids Fries - eh...  thin and I didn't take a bite but for the record they looked to have the same dimensions as the Fast-food golden arches fries.
Fine, Can I pay you a little less than the bill?)
I think I found a new love.
I had no idea they were open for lunch!
Not that there is a ton of competition but still.
The coffee was pretty good.
Disgusting!
A big up for Taylor's.
I had to run an errand and saw this location next to a Fedex Office...perfect!
Very friendly.
The clientele seems ridiculously cool.
The best part was my friends picked up the tab:) The food was fantastic.
But probably worth it.
I am used to being able to have my own cart instead of riding with a person I don' t know and being subjected to their cart skills or lack there of.
The pizza and salads are great though.
As we said before, Gage did a great job, and even though Jason is no longer the manager there, Dave (who was standing in for Desi, from what we were told) took care of everything.
Let me clue you in, the cashiers here have always looked it up.
let's start with the stew- though it was just beef and hominy, the broth was so tasty and delicious.
The veggies were all good, but the really show-stopper was the mac and cheese.
It was very very tasty.
We had the brie and apples (delicious, how could you go wrong), mozzarella and tomatoe (also really yummy), brie and bacon which I didn't try and the tapenade (a little salty, but what can you expect from chopped up olives?).
So far I've had the House Special Chicken and Sweet and Sour Chicken.
Bill and the other guys that work there are all very friendly and I definitely trust them with my car needs.
Good outdoor dining.
When we arrived at our Miami hotel at 10:30pm the night prior to leaving for St. Lucia, we had discovered Sue had left us an urgent note to contact her.
The first time I came here I got the waffles.
Its a little pricey but hello your in scottsdale!
He returned with another clean one and we had no other issues.
I was so happy.
I ordered the Thai Peanut bowl with mock chicken and noodles for my entree.
Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.
It was well prepped, and Lizzie explained what she was adding and why the whole time.
The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is casual and comfortable.
Well, let's clarify a bit here.
What threw me off was teriyaki, sweet and sour chicken, kung pao, chow mein.
But very much all dairy icings, btw).
Overall, a well above average place to take your dog.
Special A  consists of a sushi roll with a soda, special B = teriyaki beef/chicken (no soda), or special C, Korean BBQ Spicy Chicken.
Service here was really friendly however.
So rude and bad customer service.
We always finish with a cannoli, they are too good to pass up!
No matter who I come in contact with I can tell they love animals and care about me and my pet.
I know for some, they would probably like that...but it just isn't my thing to have too much on my pizza.
This place is very popular, so you may have to wait for a table, but it is well worth it.
Except that I was propositioned to " Swing" by some totally gross dude, I Lovd this place to start the evenings!!!
Wow, what a busy place.
The owners are great-they are friendly and accommodating.
How can a Hawaiian festival be fun?"
And no help.
We had a very difficult time finding trail 201 which was noted as one of the more strenuous hikes.
By default, this item doesn't include the normal potatoes and toast, so I had them add homefries--they were magnificent, and entirely unnecessary.
I pretty much do.
I'll definitely be back to try those.
Whimsical signage?
[For further information, please visit: http://phoenix.gov/BNDMAPS/index.html]
The chairs don't move, and you can't raise the arm rests.
I may make a few enemies in writing this review, and I may even get kicked out of Tempe completely, but seriously, Four Peaks is not the love of my life.
Check out the lead-pipe utilitarian interior design... Cool!
For desert, I ordered the chocolate cake with coffee crema inside and the husband ordered the cheesecake.
The massaging chairs, pads and other devices are enough motivation to stop in alone.
Hmm Cevapi and Burek = one VERY happy woman!
And don't forget to go next door during the day to visit Willio Grocery.
I'll post an update on the results.
In fact, the food looks good.
The class started with introductions to the variuos Thai cooking ingredients.
We will definitely be back for half priced bottles of wine and happy hour very soon!
She said that they gave my dish to someone else by accident, so they are making me a "fresh" plate.
Also, it got really smokey in the restaurant (it is so small) and everyone's eyes were tearing up towards the end of the meal.
We ordered 3 apps, and 3 sides also and a bottle of wine.
They love it.
i paid $12, but should have paid $22.
I really loved this place but worry that it will be one of those places that will be so popular, you'll never get to sit there.
Inside, the shop looked much like a Starbucks - and I don't mean to imply that it was uninspired or anything.
The experience was overall a good one and I would like to try this place again, I was just a bit disappointed with the grease content of the foods which gave me a bit of stomach ache.
As I left the pool and was guided to the front door of the Sport Chalet, the other scuba instructor provided some recommendations on some equipment and indicated they do not receive any commission for the sale of certain products.
yummmmmy.
You guessed it NO....were we EVER asked how our dinner was???
This is our new post-hockey game hangout.
Making a reservation online worked like a champ.
great, family owned place that feels like the kind of italian joint that is made with love.
The lemonade was FANTASTIC though.
Definitely check it out it you haven't yet.
I will for sure go back, the food was really great, I will just know not to expect quick service.
That's all I can say.
A very kind sir welcomes us in.
Hands down, the best pizza in the East Valley!!!!
Seated in a back corner--which I did not mind---I noticed the walls were filthy---scratched and beat up and dirty.
I had the banana french toast and was a bit disappointed.
It just wasn't the typical steak joint wedge I am used to and was looking forward to.
The food tasted like the items were freshly picked that morning.
I sampled 4 donuts...raised with maple, cherry iced cake, blueberry cake, and sugar raised.
The server said that the other server probably grabbed the wrong plate.
She knew the stock,was able to make excellent suggestions by asking specific questions and wasn't the least bit pushy.
And the entry foyer smelled like a high school locker room... it was foul on the way in and out.
I would advise that if you have an allergy to shrimp that you make sure to ask the server what is in some of the items because they do come with shrimp, including their egg rolls.
If you feel like Kubrick's Lolita really speaks to you, as in it mirrors your life, then you've found a place to feel comfortable in your pervert skin.
I didn't think it was very special.
The second pitcher was stronger.
What would have normally gotten a decent review is what it is.
So, kudos.
I work in the area and come here maybe once a month when I have a pho craving and need a place near work.
Up until about 6 months ago I would have given this place 4, possibly 5 stars, but with the horrible service I have encountered the last 6 months I'm only giving it 2.
Spliting one small pizza and a salad with my wife if plenty for us.
In any case the theatres are busy and bustling.
The best Chinese restaurant in the east valley in all categories from Dium Sum to banquet style dinning.
They actually have a restaurant with quite an extensive menu.
The meats were excellent and the cheese was tasty also.
With that said, I can understand why the chef needed to be in the kitchen...after all, we needed to eat, right? ;
After about a min, the Dr was working his magic.
This place is lit well too, not enough to make you run out screaming of blindness, but good enough to see.
Great shopping.
I love this PHO and spring rolls, and for the friendly and fast service plus it's cheap!
Plus, the layout of the store is just luxurious and calming.
I had a really good experience at this place.
Careful on the heat scale.
We sat outside, which wasn't ideal since it was cold and drizzly, but we had patio heaters on both sides of our table so it was OK.
The hot tofu soups are so good and served piping hot with your choice of spiciness.
So many other great places in Scottsdale to visit !
Take that as a warning, Nordstrom can be dangerous for shop-a-holics.
My taste is for savory, "umami", this was perfect with the egg bacon and light dressing.
Until then I'll stick to their great prices on the grass fed beef and obtain my chickens and pork from somewhere else.
But when you read the prices, you wonder how they can stay in business.
She claimed it was the best sub she's ever had so I had to try it.
I am VERY picky and I rate most Chinese food places based on the thickness of the membrane of their won-ton soup and the colour of their fried rice.
Whoever owns this place needs to clean house.
I have been collecting records for almost 30 years now, and have been going to Eastside for about half that time - at least since I could conveniently drive out to the east valley, and regularly since I moved to this end of town about 10 years ago.
Friendly staff.
Oh sweet perfection.
I was honestly impressed by the excellent selection on tap, including some crazy stuff I had never head of before.
The ONLY downside is the location.
A most unexpected gem!
No call that day and I have not seen them.
Overall, great place for dinner or even to hang out on the patio and have a few beers after a long day.
Jeff, the owner, is a cool dude.
Artful platters?
Just understand that the joint gets busy for happy hour and you will enjoy the experience.
The antipasto salad and bread are addicting and can't be beat!
The food was filling, not really expensive, and tasty to my tastebuds.
So very Portlandia in its hipsterness and decor.
PS - summer rates are incredible and start at only $89 a night.
It is a shame they don't have these in malls near me.
I think it's a nice option for a snazzier (it's a little pricey) lunch with friends.
From day one, I was hooked and have visited several times.
Our first impression was a girl at the front and she was super nice and didn't rush us while we were checking out the menu options.
Indulge Burgers got a few things right and a few things wrong, but overall, I was very pleased with my experience.
They offer both a dark roast and a house roast for coffee and all the powdery loveliness (cinnamon, nutmeg, cocoa) to top it off just right.
The waitress told us that the island bar was opening the next day but there were still ladders and paint cans lying around.
I would gladly take a Qdoba burrito over a Chipotle or Una Mas burrito any day based on my initial experience.
She was so excited I thought she was going to consider this woman the Patron Saint of Boba and commence worship on the spot.
Tacky.
They are ginormous and packed with every ingredient you might ever want topping chips.
I ordered the two fish combo, and my reaction was...what the..?..
Went for dinner before a Suns game on a Tuesday, got there at 5 and got right in, but the place filled up fast after us.
Oh well..If you like to customize your food, this is the right place for you, but if you don't like getting messy with your hands, this is definitely not the place for you.
I also recently ordered a dozen samosas to bring home and serve at a dinner party.
spam, was it?
Here are the main two reasons why I will keep coming back here: 1.
this place is geared toward your typical Arizona-white crowd.
Also the ribs were tender and packed with flavor and smoke taste.
Eye candy (they got something right).
The basmati rice is always thoroughly cooked and flavorful.
A crisp blonde draft (for me) and ice cream (for him) polished us off and we left full & happy.
Coffee is the main focus here, at least by decor and by what most people were drinking this morning, and you can't resist noticing the craft beer taps as you enter the place.
If you go on a weekend morning, prepare for a bit of a wait.
Of course my friends constantly remind me that as much as I love the food here, I can't truly appreciate it because I don't eat the meat dishes, which, according to them, are even better.
There is a large clover shaped pool, with multiple water fountains, and a large rocklike island structure with caves where the jacuzzi is located.
I used to go to Firefly in Vegas and it was cheaper and tastier.
Sort of a casual/upscale atmosphere.
He's still one of the only chefs in town serving Foie Grass and Duck Confite, both wonderful and worth the trip if a glass of juice (wine) is added!
Average pizza I'd have to say, was not very inventive.
Lucky me they take my insurance and my yearly supply of contacts came to a big fat $0 after rebates.
If you are looking for a serious pool experience, look no further than this hotel.
They had 3 different kinds which was nice and it was seasoned perfectly.
The tables were packed but we managed to snag a 2-top pretty soon after getting in line.
After all- where else does everything come with one of my favorite foods attached to it?
About 1.6 miles roundtrip from the Maricopa Ramada.
The good thing is they're fairly cheap.
Yes, you read that correctly.... The "Bacado".
Food was good, but not great.
Shoot, it's been well over a decade since I bought my car, and the original dealership still sends me letters saying 'Hey, you're due for your 150k service!')
I love the fact that I will get the pleasure of wasting another hour plus of my day tomorrow talking to these fools.
Service at this location has been great.
Atmosphere is very modern/contemporary and in a small suite located next to C-Fu Gourmet.
- This Q is too Spicy - This Q is too wet - This Q won't fall off the bone - This Q doesn't have the right flavor.
I'll be getting that every time we come here and it was the perfect size for the two of us to share.
Good bartender too - drinks are never too weak.
I am sorry but the amount of restaurants that I have been to, this was the worst service ever.
Guess how my dining experience went?
The pool and fitness center sucked.
On behalf of the concession staff... FRANK, GIVE THEM SOME SHADE!
The ice cream floats were great!
Methinks not."
The bar tender and manager were annoyed by the size of our group.
I havne't been into Radio Milano quite as many times as I have been into Postino, but I have to say of those times I have, I was impressed.
The tofu is flavored/shaped as with it's more traditional dish (i.e. Kung Poa has chicken-flavored tofu, Beef dishes taste more like beef).
I know, I know...sounds intense but trust me it makes pho taste soooo good.
Great place to take the grandparents to watch the kids in their element, too!
The burgers are great and .:chomp:.
I ordered the tacos al carbon which comes with cilantro lime rice.
Caroline had her normal "vodka martini extra dirty extra cold" which she judged to have "perfect dirtiness", (no wonder I love her!),
I searched the internet for days and reluctantly went into a few jewelry stores hoping for the best, but expecting the worst.
We can get in and out pretty quickly and get back to work."
Yes, the waitress wander around in shorts that would make a cheerleader blush--but rail thin bottle blondes don't do anything for me or the food itself.
Gotta love a place open late in Phoenix.
I was craving Sisig (grilled pork - which is my favorite at Ongpin in South San Francisco) - but they didn't have that.
I walked in to a very tiny little restaurant  with a cute little man standing at the cash register holding my wonderfully smelling  food in hand.
I want to ask for a pedicure and then lay back enjoy the chair and some reading.
I like this little hidden place.
They play two kinds of music here: country and western.
She and his six-year old daughter ordered a Hawaiian style with pineapple and ham, he and I  got the Margherita Pizza with garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, fresh basil, mozzarella, and romano cheese.
This is definitely one of those places I could eat at every day.
Their mango shake wasn't very good.
Its horseradish sauce was stronger than I expected.
We got lost and ended trail busting which is highly discouraged but give us rules and we will break  em.
They talked about their personal lives, talked to each other, and just were generally inappropriate for a business setting.
Qdoba is a kicked up version of Chipotle/Kokopellis.
me and a friend shared pizza (toppings were meaty sausage and cheese).
Some tweaked their spelling but all in all, best shrimp burro on this side of Van Buren!
I have made a mess in my "Make me Yelp" boyshorts.
Amazing as always!!!
When the NP did come see me, she missed a couple of key things in my chart that she totally should have asked me about.
I recommend this place to anyone who loves cheap but tasty Mexican food.
I always try the house first time I go someplace since I think it is a good judge of how good a place is and theirs did not disappoint.
In all it was delectable.
Slow, unorganized and filled to the brim with crazy people.
I want a cup of coffee!
It has been quite the challenge to find good Chinese food in AZ.
The food sucks.
You'd never know from the exterior that a great Greek restaurant is hiding inside.
No bueno if you have other plans that day.
Delicious yet again!
The beef is sliced thin and served cold.
Bruschetta and breadsticks are great starters, and I love the signature spinach pizza.
NEXT comes the wine onto the grill and the patty... which gives the place it's name.
This is definitely one of the largest Asian supermarkets in the valley.
I walked over to inspect for myself.
Just let me know when you are heading down so I can hang out and watch the ensuing festivities.
This library isn't browsing-friendly like others I have seen.
This was the only part of the experience that was good, sadly to say.
Yeah it sucks that you have to pay for it, but it's only $12 a  year.
I've been here a number of times and the food is always good.
I needed a place for seven nights (eight days) while I worked on my qualifying exams and worked on my dissertation in Phoenix.
Had to bring my wife's necklace here to be repaired.
Art on the walls is just bizarre (read other's comments.)
Not too bad on a Saturday night to go in 1/3's.
Looove this place!
Great Stylists.
sarcasm)  Food and service were otherwise really good.
I would come back for the pasta alone, let along the perfectly cooked scallops, and melt in your mouth sliced fillet.
How can anyone not give these guys a 5 star?
I just wish they would turn on the closed captioning!
So your going to Scottsdale via Paradise Valley....or your coming from Scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than Jason's Deli.
Walked into this place on a Saturday night (i am from out of town) with my 4 girl friends...this place is HUGE!
I am always happy with my experience at Kona, and find myself comparing it to other sushi restaurants.
It's certainly not perfect.
If you're paying w/ debit card, they will ask you if you want to include a tip.
Weird bathroom.
The crowd was happy and I talked to a lot more people than on the average stop in.
Combined with the fact that we were sitting awkwardly on the patio, which was really just sort of jutting out into the mall, I can't justify more than 3 stars.
The Hotel is beautiful and our rooms were spacious and very comfortable.
I also really appreciated that my waitress went back and checked with a vegetarian staff member to see if the tomato soup had meat stock (it didn't, but minestrone did).
Although it took us two attempts (two separate visits) to reach the summit, we did it with a few breaks and plenty of gasping along the way on New Years day.
Stopped going back, very erratic dining experience.
They don't carry MAC here but I love the Chanel, Christian Dior, and Laura Mercier counters.
It was really hard not to pick up everything in this store and buy it.
It was good!!
The BBQ Sauce was so heavy with chili powder and with almost no vinager  it was gritty.
Little Rusty just has allergies and an eye infection but it was making him miserable.
HUGE mother of a sandwich.
When asked if they cook with lard the hostess had an immediate answer and listed what they used to cook everything with.
I feel like I should give it 3 stars...but as an "A-OK" rating, I just can't.
The kamikaze roll was also delicious, but maybe could have used a little more spice.
Great interior decor that doesn't scream Chinese restaurant.
High fructose corn syrup.
I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the top & bottom, fried crisp.
I'm bummed I wanted to like this place.
I had just gotten my first full time "real job" after finishing college and I needed a wardrobe to match my new position.
my son really enjoys islands, great food, casual kid freindly atmoshpere we go here quite a lot and seem to keep coming back
I am a firm believer of 'bacon makes everything good!'
Dos usually hits the spot after a hot day at the baseball game or for a first stop before a night out on the town.
We always leave when the fights end because there are better nightlife options in the area.
Parking isn't usually a problem unless there's an event going on at Tempe Marketplace.
They have lots of TVs for hockey fans and the bar looks right out onto the ice so you can watch people skate.
I ordered a the 19th Street Burger, which was cooked perfectly and came with a spicy sauce, not sure if the sauce was for the Onion Rings, but it was great of the Burger.
Good destination for pizza.
The noodles were flavorful and pretty darn spicy, just how they should be.
I ordered the Jerusalem Falafel sandwich.
Otherwise it was yummy.
I could smell that the fish had gone horribly, horribly off when the ahi tuna salad was put before me by the waiter, and I'm shocked that the kitchen actually thought they'd get away with sending it out.
Also, I saw that they had pre-made rolls on the back counter.
Admittedly, my bad.
Their lunch specials are very reasonable.
The food was pretty good, but the best thing for me is that they have Cerignola olives!
I think its partly the downtown location in a strip mall, (not that 98% of restaurants in Phoenix aren't in strip malls).
Don't see how they could improve in any area.
GET A SHOT OF CAFE PATRON!!!
I would definitely come back Frank & Albert's if I was in the area.
Add some flavor to your food.
They also have water storage and emergency supplies like solar ovens.
Heather is awesome.
Priced just right.
The inside is low-key family restaurant with a dash of romance.
It's true, there is a real bull and a slide.
Unfortunately the white meat chicken was dry.
Monday and Tuesday night after 8pm, you can get any bottle of wine and a whole board of bruschetta for $20.
They bring you a healthy amount of tasty parmesan cheese, so you can always throw that on the Spinach Pie.
Good place to wander over to after coming out of Shirt's 'n' Things.
While pricey the portions of everything are large in charge & good.
Good vibes, hip decor, comfortable without being pretentious.
LMAO!
It's just an iPod, people!
The red sauce is good with their fries and rings (and maybe shrimp) but not on fish.
She always smile a lot, and made you feel comfortable.
Then they over charged us by quit a bit.
YAY!
The building's pretty new, with a large dining area full of a variety of walled areas and nooks and crannies, giving many of the tables a private feel.
It should be lush with peppers and onions that have been grilled or possibly even caramelized (the onions).
The articles are about artwork currently displayed in local galleries, businesses (like restaurants) and bands that local folks have started on their own from meager means, and about up-and-coming events like the taco festival (started by a local), fashion shows (again, utilizing local designers and run by locals - no Dillard's show coverage here) and about people in the valley who are trying to make a difference in our community.
Sales bins occupied the front- some bags currently up for less than a quarter.
Fantastic venue!
It was nice to have somewhere to walk around, and we were able to serve ourselves tea and coffee while we waited.
You may have to wait for a table but the waits are never excessive and there is the coffee trolley where you can help yourself while waiting.
I've never tried the bar area.
I would return to get the burger but I really want to try their Italian beef as well.
The food at Beaver Choice Scandinavian Bistro is delicious; a little unusual, but easily understood.
Not wanting to risk running out of gas, I opted to stop here, at this ampm station.
I ordered the side "Chef Eric's Caesar salad and thin crust cheese with pepperoni" I highly recommend For GREAT pizza!
I had the strawberry with small pieces of fresh strawberries!
I added bacon for a dollar.
I really wish I had a dagger to stab myself in the face for trying to eating here.
I'll definitely go back and tell all my friends about it too.
We always get the Dulce de Leche, but they brought us terrimisu or some junk.
Very large story that has about everything you'd want, and open 24 hours.
How does that happen?
I would definitely go back.
The only dim sum restaurant I have experienced out here is C FU Gourmet,,, their selection is greater but their downfall is the food is usually cool to warm and the place has been steadily getting worse. (
It could be great but they would need to make a lot of changes - job 1 fire everyone & start over.
That side was literally 3 pounds of fried veggies and was way too much for any human to consume.
We went here after watching a show at the Herberger and I was expecting some high class expensive dining that that is exactly what I got.
BUT if you do stay here, it's awesome.
Anyway.
The store was packed (it is 3 days before Christmas), but the staff was friendly, helpful and went around to make sure everyone found what they needed or if they needed a basket.
A +++
Sure enough, a kid sat there, out of the way and quiet, while is parents shopped.
We had a wonderful experience!
It's acceptable.
Oh, and don't expect to park in their little lot during dinner rush.
Jetta- "I am so getting a weave."
The food is fresh here.
They're even open till 2am for when I'm craving sushi for a midnight meal:)Only reason I gave it 4stars is that the service is slow sometimes
A great street style joint with friendly staff and always a great selection ready to go, and conveniently located right next to AMC 24.
The music was a little low, so we could hear the conversations of the couples on either side of us pretty easily.
All of the sneakers here a so unique and fun, and it really puts the fun in sneaker shopping again.
In fact, Dante wrote about a circle of hell where all they did was serve beer out of pitchers instead of straight from the tap.
I think it may have been dipped in blueberry before cooked?
In all honesty I would have given them an A OK rating, 3 stars, but our server pushed them to a 'yay!
Chicken... tied.. they're both really good!
Also, I rated this good for kids, however, that's only because I have a toddler that eats anything!
I ordered a  combination seafood plate which was good but not great.
Maybe we will try the place again now that it has been open for a while.
Sure, it's no Amoeba but it's the next best thing.
we usually get the layered dip, it's totally messy and not as good as i think it should be, but i like it anyhow.
Okonomiyaki - this 'Japanese pizza' was among the better items.
The folks who work there stopped me as I walked in and asked for the make and model of my car.
A few of our favorite items are the BBQ "Chicken" sandwich, Thee Argentine sandwich, the crab puffs and of course, the Tsoynamis.
Chodang, here I come!
I was NOT too impressed with this place but...  it was good for Phoenix, where I am starting to realize there is NOT an abundance of people who look like me.
Environment is pleasant, service was wonderful and waitress was very helpful with suggestions and information.
You can find something you aren't going to like on every menu across the country).
I guess I should branch out and try new things on the menu, but I ALWAYS order the same thing from every place I frequent.
Our last night we dined at Rusty's Chop House at the golf club.
As a long time multi-four-footed caregiver, I have seen more than my share of veterinary clinics and animal hospitals.
I also had a few bites of the Banana Fosters French Toast, which is waaaaay too sweet, in my opinion, to be considered breakfast food but was a great finish to my meal.
Suggestion:  Should consider developing an offsite parking area, and providing a shuttle to the entrance (perhaps for a small fee)...and let it be known where to find the shuttle.
I also ordered a side of sausage that i DISLIKED and it was $4 for I think 2 links, WOW.
You were all fabulous and I will be telling all of my friends what a great job you did.
The food kept us talking about the tastes and combinations far into the night.
Their food isn't all that special :(
GET THERE!
It gets a bit crazy on weekends.
The grilled green onion that used to come with each meal is gone and missed.
My wife and I originally went last Sunday only to find it closed.
Need fig preserves?
2 gryo plates and a coke.)
- The owners must have purposely only hired people who cannot think for themselves or make decisions.
we keep driving by this place thinking it was just a coffee house.
Never thought I would be back, but now we have another gymboree tike and he loves it.
Food was good.
They are open until 9pm on Sundays which is pretty cool.
It's very clean.
I am OBSESSED with Ra.
Wow, what a great flavour!
Adios for now mi yelpitas!
Our server was awesome, we got our food very fast and everything was excellent.
Overall, we thought it was average as far as the food is concerned - and a little pricey for quality and portions.
Anyways, we all know it's not the greatest of zoos because it's freaking hot half the year and it's not super nice to subject a lot of animals to 115 degrees.
I recently decided to accompany a couple friends on their quest to find the best sushi in Phoenix.
I don't know, I may name my unborn child after you in tribute.
It makes total sense that my license is valid until I'm 65 but the picture expires after 11 years.
The had a ton of great looking pastries even though I didn't sample any.
I know we had a couple of sides.
I was hoping it would remain a little more of the chill day-time vibe, but come 10pm the music gets cranked up, and my group decided to move on to a place where we could actually have conversation without screaming.
Fortunately we caught it this time.
4 star service 2 star food = 3 stars.
I wish I could eat it every day!!
Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake.
They also take walk-ins or reservations, and I've never had trouble getting in when I want to.
Donuts are really good, if they have any when you get there!!!
Definitely go here!
to-go cup during working hours.
I will definitely try them out again.
The flash-fried broccolini took a little getting used to, since the leaves kept crumbling as I was trying to eat them, but still tasty, if subtle.
Pretty cool; we will use the cards to bring another neighborhood kid back with us.
So, after the holidays, may check it out on a Friday night and see where it stands then, Also, I will hope that when I arrive next time, the smoker out back is kicking and there is some REAL BBQ to be had.
The breading around them was way too bread like and it was just lacking in flavor.
Place is clean, staff is friendly...I love that it's kind of a one stop shop and the self serve yogurt shop connects to the water and ice next door.
So glad I found this place.
I usually have the panini with chicken and artichoke but today went for a Chicken wrap.
This place is ONE-OF-A-KIND...it's Awesometown & it's YUMMY!
No was not an answer to this guy, I had to actually walk away to leave this Pressured UPSELL.
It's like this place is confused about who it wants to be: a neighborhood fare spot or a classy dining destination.
came over to our table and offered my husband an extra serving, talk about service!
I couldn't have been more pleased and delighted at the friendliness and helpfulness of everyone in the office.
I have gone here many times with my disabled brother and have never had any problems with the staff or employees.
So if your trying to lose weight or looking for healthy, not this place, this is the place where you sin.
As if the food wasn't enough, the decor and ambiance was over the top.
I was so upset because I was assured that it was vegan and did not come with cheese.
The amazing reclining seats are worth it though.
It is very clean, the girls are very nice, and they always do a really good job on my nails.
4.)
tear* Oh yeah... and all the employees probably think I'm that crazy muffin guy. *
WOW!
the salads are totally inventive and yummy, but a little on the sweet side.
I'm not sure what folks compare this chain too?
They also have a wide selection of used CD's and DVD's to are at bargin prices, be sure to check that out too!
Not only was our waitress extremely attentive but the manager stopped by to make sure we were enjoying our foodI give The Flaming Kabob 3 stars!
The steak tacos looked so good, we had to come back a second time.
New longer cord as well.
The place was pleasantly busy but not overcrowded.
Oh - and the carrots were a little too sweet for me...  They tasted like sweet potatoes....Anyway...  For dessert we had the bread pudding which was the best damned bread pudding I have ever had.
i am also very hesistant to try anything the attempts to substitute for meat, because i think it's just psychologically strange.
Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly and very professional.
The tres de leche cake was also wonderful!
Rent constantly goes up, even for those of us that have shown property loyalty years over.
They are also very involved with the community and with local farmers and businesses!
The sauce tasted very sweet so be prepared for that.
Knowing what a pain that is, I really appreciate how willingly they do it.
It is impossible to keep in the small bowel it is served in.
Great quality food, great service, large portions and fare prices.
Nearly 3 years after a Waikiki vacation, my longing for a Puka dog has been satisfied.
It was so worth it.
Quick services, a decent selection, and solid customer service.
Anyone up for a burger?
I have been here a couple times since my first review and it really is just an average place.
Good Margaritas4.
I felt so special (almost like a regular) when I walked in and she greeted me and asked if I wanted a soy latte!
Guess what?
It's a great way to unwind or perk up on your choice of caffeinated beverage.
Baseball stadium nearby is great entertainment option but can be a pain with all the traffic if you are trying to get out of the convention center area in the evening.
My sister had the lamb burger with fries that were cold and not very tasteful.
Nowonder the bartender was so slow to turn off the jukebox.
Live music and a diverse crowd.
Nice Thing #1: Mainly because it's new, the cars are really clean.
The concept of this place is killer.
Sooooo good!
However if your looking for some decent electronic gear at 60-80% off....then this is your weekend to go.
The 3D was off a bit, but then that might be this old person's eyes; I could see shadows and lines behind some of the target objects.
I'm so happy I don't own the warranty company since I'm sure they are paying for all of these mistakes.
I'll definitely be back!
$11 pitchers and $3 pints, yes it could be a little cheaper, but hey it is a happy hour every day of the week!
On pointing this out all I got was " Oh you like peanuts.. ok I will put some on" and she then proceeded to get some peanuts and sprinkle it on the chicken.
Call it "The Blue Ribbon Cafe" - take out the PIschke name - I can't imagine that Chris PIschke would have been honored to be remembered this way.
Even though I am officially in my 30s, I look like I'm still in college, which made me feel slightly less uncomfortable when I walked into The Clubhouse.
Superb beer selection.
And that's really not how I want to start my weekend off.
That said, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.
It's so delicious my mouth is watering just thinking about it.
The ridiculousness that has become my adult life has necessitated a heavy reliance on takeout for my main source of nourishment.
I have been there since the "toast experience", but make my friend arrive first to look for the waiter with the ponytail!
It was dinner and lunch!
Perhaps some of the best 'persian kabobs' I have ever had.
like]!
I was almost 2 hours earlier than my friends, so I used a table in the bier garden to do some work on my computer (with my own mobile hotspot. . .
The only good Carl's Jr. I have found in the valley so far is off the Superstition (Hwy 60) and Tomahawk.
Also, there are great views of Camelback mountain.
Family owned, quiet, and very affordable.
As seems to be the norm, smokers only care about smoking.
They also try and nickle and dime you on price, for instance give you a deal to take off gel from previous manicure, when you're getting a new gel manicure.
Other patrons were seated all over the large space, so everyone had their own private area in a way.
In fact, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this restaurant before.
It looks like a bar that should have a few regular bar flies and music that screeches to a halt when someone new walks in.
It was clearly made with a considerable amount of dark chocolate, which seals the deal for me.
I take my dog in there during the Winter to get groomed, shampooed and nails clipped, because sometimes its too cold out to dry him off.
This is not Kai.
Do they want work or not?
Perfect customer service.
I have been coming to this bar for over 4-years now - and I will continue to do so...  Just be aware that this is no longer "J Chew & Company".
7.
Each dish comes with a side salad with the most amazing tangy rich dressing (I think I will have to purchase a bottle of the dressing next time I'm there).
Finally our server arrived and apologized for the wait at the same time the manager arrived and also apologized and comped us an appetizer.
They had to be good.
I am at work today, talking to my co-worker, letting her know that I was going to Taco Bell for lunch.
I will not spend my money somewhere that they do not value their customers.
Now, this is the first time I have had pho before and I would say it is much like a glorified bowl of Ramen Noodles.
I was lost and mezmerized at the fine details of the photos.
Best night to check out is the obvious 2-4-1 Wednesday.
If you have never been before you should really try harder... Your mother taught you better than that.
Wear a hat and bring your sunblock.
it's by no means and exciting venue!
Recently the menu was revised and the cheaper items were removed and more expensive ones were added in their place.
Sides were great!
I've been coming to this place since college, and I can tell you its definitely one of those "an oldie but a goodie".
So much better that 5 Dorks, I mean guys.
Anyway, from the minute we walked up to the guy checking ID's it was a great experience.
this is a great and fun different party for you are your friends.
We opted to come back the next day to get our full hour.
Now what to eat for dinner.
Good joint.
Not unfriendly, but they need to realize people that go for a mid-week lunch usually don't have 1.5-2 hours to eat.
Additionally, they have not resolved the issue of employees that speak so little English that they are unable to either take or execute your order correctly.
They just lost alot of business.
If you're not sure, just ask for Daniel and tell him what you have in mind -- likely he has (with a wink) a special bottle in the back.
Beyond that, I'm can't really claim that this place is worth the time.
I would definately go back and may tomrrow night.
We will make The Habit a habit!
Keep up the good work IN-N Out Burger!
That would really enhance the atmosphere and probably their people traffic as well.
I'm also happy that the fries were a little bit less salty than my previous trip.
The majority of the problems here are problems with venues of this size everywhere in the country - the parking, the over-priced shitty beer, the strip-search upon entry, the lack of re-entry.
The creamy sauce was not bad and it wasn't too overpowering in my mouth.
We have been using Delia's Cleaners now for nearly three years and for the most part found the experience to be very good.
I did, however, have a very good tuna poke salad, but I would not go back just for that.
The chicken parm sub is now $6.95 instead of $5.50 and I will not be ordering it again.
The menu is limited but covers all bases.
Yeh, people watching is the best.
A little magical, a little homey, a little bit of wonderful with great food and plentiful draughts, and just enough contemporary edge that you can impress a date, or drink with the dudes.
Loved the different options for the tasting menus.
There were at least five hundred infantry ahead of me and five hundred behind me and our numbers kept growing.
I take a bite.
I agree that the bread was good, and I enjoyed the popcorn chips (rather than potato).
Knowledgeable and friendly staff.
I love to cook from recipes, so why should this be any different, right?
We ordered the carne asada burrito and the mushroom burger and the sweet potato fries.
i just have to have the drip system on 24/7.
For ten dollars I had the Carnitas burrito and a Jerk chicken burrito with Jerk fried rice and black beans and a large iced tea (all you can drink).
I think this is the only Japanese store that has just about everything I need to stock my pantry.
This is a superb burger, expertly prepared from the creation of the patty (not too compressed) to the cooking of it (a perfectly pink in the middle "medium" is what I ordered and received).
I'm a sucker for Mexican folk art and Frida Kahlo is my Oprah.
If you need a belt, this would be a good place to go, only $2.
Sauce is pretty fiery!
Also, please note the veggie wrap.
Room service (food and wine by the glass)...more variety please.
4)  The burger meat is good in flavor but the burger lacks seasoning.
Appetizer of artichoke dip was yummy.
This is one of my new favorites places to bring people who are from out of town.
I wish there were one more on the west side.
Not even moms.
The location is excellent, as it is near my office, and the interior décor is clean, modest, and charming.
My wife ordered the fish tacos (2) with rice and black beans.
small insidelocated inside old town glendale so it looks sorta cutefood was gooood!
I'm torn.
The food is best described as "home cooking".
Possibly because the beans were Bush's or the like?
The Corner Bakery was A-Ok!
TY!!
We must have encountered at least 10 different sales associates while wondering through the store and each and every one was soooo nice and helpful.
Or, order by the glass/flight from their bar.
The décor is that of sheer, unbridled love for cinema.
I don't like to write bad reviews but this place does not deserve your business.
The place is always packed on Saturday nights, so show up a little before regular dinner time if you want to ensure seating for your party!
I'll admit that the under-21 clubs that I went to when I was under 21 were fun, but now that I think about them they really suck.
I attended a game against the Atlanta Braves and it was a great experience.
Downsides: The room was nondescript on the whole, but the neck of the shower was pulled partly out of the wall and the shower curtain was partly torn and had red (?!?)
The beer on tap comes in one size, FISHBOWL!
Really, ahorita:1.
Total worth it!!!
LOVE IT.
My girlfriend and I both couldn't finish our sandwiches because they are pretty big.
But what do you do when it's August and the thought of adding any more heat to the kitchen just won't do, and yet you really need a cupcake?
Forget about refills.
I had seen this resort from Scottsdale road many times and always thought I would like to stay there sometime.
Complete FAIL.
No, I'm not talking about the fact that Modern Steak is conveniently (albeit awkwardly) located in Scottsdale's Fashion Square.
You are great, don't change, and please, stay with me forever and always.
Don't hesitate to take your vehicle there first when you need service!
I haven't tried anything else because the cheesesteak is too good to pass up when I make the drive down there.
There are a lot of vegitarian options here for all you non carnivores.
Stick with the burger and skip the rest is my suggestion to you.
Lucky for us, we stopped the right hiker friend at the right moment; otherwise, I may never have made it home to write this review.
What I like about Los Olivos is their Nachos.
I'll be back!
I go to the Arcadia location most often so my review is based off of that..This is me any one of my best gals Sunday spot...we go maybe twice a month and enjoy the Reggae, $5 Glasses of wine and of course the BRUSCHETTA!!...All of my fellow Yelpers have pretty much summed it up, all of their bruschetta is AMAZING!!!
the price!!
*Side note: Yes I eat bacon.
Lots of the "learn more by pressing this button" things didn't work.
The desserts are exceptional.
So delicious!!!
Still delicious as ever.
We left again at 3PM for the rest of the day, and housekeeping, upon arrival back at the room after midnight, hadn't come.
I feel much better now.
I'd go back
Ok, im not getting the great reviews on this place.
TV's everywhere.
Even worse, my chicken sausage pizza was slightly burnt on the bottom, and tasted bland and uninspired -- the sausage was finely ground and lacked much flavor, and the fennel was invisible.
Decor was dreadful, sorry.
The managers have always taken care of any issue we've ever had.
The kind hiker man dropped us off at my car and drove away.
They have attractions for anything you are in the mood for.
I've been meaning to try one of their cask conditioned ales, but they always seem to be out, probably indicative of the quality of those selections.
Savor frozen delight from Haagen Dazs or Mojo Yogurt -- ahhh my sweet Mojo, you and I have been in an on and off relationship for the past year now... by off I mean the 3 or 4 days a week I'm NOT there :)  .
I scan up and down the row of seats.
We ended up being sat next to them; by the time we were getting our menus, they were finishing up their meals.
Nice.
They say it's New York Style.
Everything on the plate was cooked really well and was a perfect breakfast.
Enjoyed the weather and played some cards.
Blend, ice, hot, boba.
We met some nice people and the lounge singers were a plus.
Finally, the food is excellent.
I truly appreciate the large selection of Gardein entrees they serve for Vegetarians and Vegans that want to enjoy not-so- healthy bar grub like our omni friends. **
The pulled pork rates about an 8 on my scale.
I recently bought several baked goods from this Bashas for an event.
My mom got a 7 and 7, it was fine.
This location is brand new.
Jen spent time playing with our cats during each visit which was fabulous.
tasted very watered down and I decided to limit myself to one at that price to quality ratio.
Well, I cannot believe I have waited this long to give an update on Morgan!!
I've had sushi in CA, NY, TX and HI.
I think it had pine nuts too.
I can see myself shopping here much more often in the future.
We were offered bread options of white, wheat, rye, or an english muffin.
And now this...no more mac and cheese.
very underwhelming, which i love being able to get in/ get out... their produce prices, and chili prices are amazing!
If ignorant parents are content to let their hellions ruin other diners' experiences, then I'm afraid it's left to the restaruant to politely and discreetely ask the parents to please reign them in.
The lady explained to me that the non-disposable diapers are so good that even if for some reason there is an accidental Code Brown, if you know what I mean, they will not charge their patrons.
I also tried the cucumber lemonade which was quite good.
Of our three children who have learned to drive we have observed that he is the most safety conscious and the best "new" licensed driver.
Never have had to wait for a table.
The scene is strange.
The service was super friendly.
The sizes - I am size 4-6 with curves, and the clothes from here fit me fine.
You can mold them into sculptures, or shape them into little round beebees to shoot through your straw.
Chimi = Good.
A saltier cake paired with the delightfully sweet frosting would have made for a much more grown-up and sophisticated cupcake.
I really enjoyed the roasted peepers and onions salsa.
I like the order at the front and they bring it to you, very convenient and I don't have to tip!
I have only had a burger and fries here.
I have tried other things too, like the tomato basil soup, and many of their sandwiches ... very good, very fresh - every time.
Haven't tried the food yet, but I intend to investigate.
The jerk fried rice and emerald chicken are to die for and he snicker doodle cookies....oh my goodness.
We love being up high in the cliffs where you have a view, and this time we overlooked the top of a building.
He moved onto a draft beer.
And for $46, I'm not %100 convinced it was worth it.
I like that, the only thing was I would have preferred more spice, so next time will go with hot and not medium.
It is incredibly juicy without being greasy!
The owners and wait staff always greet us since we are regulars.
I'll pass.
I highly recommend going there and at least getting some wine and bruschetta if nothing else, it is well worth you time!
When's the last time you're seen tripe or pig's feet at Albertson's or Safeway.
We decided to go straight to the entree instead of filling up on an appetizer beforehand and we were glad we chose to do that.
The Chinese area includes lots of chicken and pork options, noodles, egg foo young, etc  --  standard americhino fare.
The staff was nice and they have free WiFi.
The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes pride in his gelato.
OK guys (and gals too), I know size isn't everything, but OMG, this place has crazy size portions and I loooove it!
I got the Turkey Club and it was reallllllly good.
If you're in Maricopa and craving Chinese, don't go to Panda Express, definitely give Great Wall a try, it's in the same plaza as Panda and if your party is 2 or more, you'll save yourself some money!
They don't have a sign up yet, but we were walking by and noticed they were open and there were happy people inside so they must be, oh yes it was true, giving away free frozen yogurt!
I also noticed they had not wiped down my tires after applying Armor All and it all splattered up to the sides of my vehicle after driving away, I wrote these off as a simple mistake and that it probably would not happen again.
There is literally no chicken or beef available here in terms of toppings.
I don't know how Dennis and Steve manage to turn out food of this quality for so little money, but I surely do hope they continue and prosper!
Would I return again?
Great food and a desire to serve!
All these windy, disjointed roads.
I was hella skeptical that a Phoenix fast food Mexican joint could top a Mission taqueria.
I fly all over the country to do shows with my dog and this has never been a problem, including on the first leg of my trip when I bought the round trip dog ticket in SFO.
I enjoyed olives in every bite.
Our waiter also recommended the Valpolicella Ripasso, which was ok, but it was a little light for our tastes.
Gingeroot, also in Chandler, is way better but expensive.
Sorry for my lateness but I wanted to update everyone that after my review I was contacted by management, apologized to, and asked back for another chance.
You can get a lot better Mexican food in Phoenix (and for a lot cheaper).
Hole in the wall?
Fine, I know they're not - I'm a former AMC employee and I wasn't.
I run out and go to Jerry's, they don't have them, don't know if they carry them and and nobody can tell me when and if they might reappear.
Very disappointed.
Just basically vegetables and beef cooked in a marinade.
I'm a BIG dessert person, so it was a little disappointing but what the heck.
Fun and good!
The effect was somewhat dissipated by the peculiar potato product offered as a side.
I was expecting that again, but didn't quite get it.
They do not have many good employers at their semi annual recruiting events.
I attended my first spring training game on March 12th, 2012 at Surprise Stadium as the Royals took on the San Francisco Giants (my favorite team).
I actually asked the waitress if she gave me the right order.
The new library is BEAUTIFUL!
:-) ).
Friendly staff.
Delicious!
Situated in what seems to be a motel from the outside and a garage on the inside, Cartel can satiate your brass tax coffee fix and your espresso lust for reasonable prices.
Decided to give this place a chance and was quite delighted.
The Hostess was also our server and she was super nice (Go Erin!).
BUT this soup rocked my socks off.
Yikes...I won't be going back.
The broth is great for dipping the bread in, although I could probably just use a straw.
I dunno.
Damn those greeting card "holidays".
I believe tamales are normally made for the sale in the store on Thursdays (check with them to be sure), but they don't last.
Not to mention, if you're nerdy like me it has the 'old book' smell throughout the store.
I watch too many movies.
The smell of the flan actually made us gag, we had such an awful time I complained to the manager.
sort of dry and not much taste.
Two stars because it actually was tasty.
you will definitely see me there again.
A GREAT brunch dish is the "Breakfast Burrito" as well as the "Breakfast Flatbread."
She's amazing!)
Both servers walked by me three times while I was sitting inside without acknowledging me at all.
All of these were above average: the Thai sweet potatoes were perfectly fried and mixed well with the slightly tangy sauce.
Seriously.
I had the pork tenderloin and hubs had the mac and cheese with chicken.
My aunt and uncle think that the place hired a new head chef or something, because since they're regulars, the food this time around was definitely not worth the bill.
This is one of my favorites stores to head to when I need the motivation that comes from new triathlon clothing and accessories.
The ServiceMy visit to Dominick's was the night after it's official opening.
SCORE!!!
Probably not.
I think I will be back.
She asks why I'm returning, which I explained but nothing was defective.
Thank you Bertha's Cafe for not only being so accommodating, but also for having such wonderful food.
I'll be here waiting, cheering and hoping.
I was only in for a cut/shampoo so I cant comment on any of the other services they offer but,  I think I might have found a my new place to get my hair cut...at last.
I asked to speak to the owner, and was told "he's out of town."
MMMM!
Let's just say I was surprised that it wasn't disgusting, but I wouldn't go back again unless I had to take another little kid I was babysitting.
OH- and I just found out you can buy concert tickets there, and they usually give out a free "Magnet" magazine with each purchase.
pan-handling all the waiting customers outside your place.
I also highly recommend the Pork Osco Bucco, Smoked Red Chile Pork Roast, and the Cowboy Beef Stew.
If you have kids, ask to sit in the blue room by the fish tank - the decor is fun and mysterious and will keep young children distracted thru the entire meal.
I danced till the lights came on (along with many others) and I haven't done that in a while!
It seemed like it came with way to much topping.
Our booth was great for chatting with my friend, but I like a little people watching at the pub!
They are both sooo good.
even with the bleu cheese, which I detest, this was a culinary delight.
Great Bellini, loved the Seared Ahi, Portabella and Beef Tenderloin Flatbread and Spinach and Artichoke dip!
Boring I know, but lemme make it up to you by talking about moms dish, the 3 egg avocado & crab omelet which was made w/ jack cheese, tomatoes, scallions, bacon & asiago cream sauce, accompanied by red potatoes, choice of one of their mega-sized (hot & fresh) muffins & fresh squeezed O.J. The service was on the slow side, perhaps understaffed or just overwhelmed, but our waiter made it up to us by giving me choice of beverage & extra muffins, no charge.
YES, BETTER THAN IN-N-OUT!
That darn Fundito calls my name.
No, I do not want to stand out front in the cold and wait fot the parking attendant to holla one for me.
It's worth a visit to save some big bucks by shopping here.
Whew!
But it wasn't half good either.
There is a major selection or stores ,restaurants and services here.
Very friendly service, on the other hand.
If you go on the weekend prepare to wait, sometimes up to an hour.
Stop here every time I'm in town!
=)
The service is on and off here, sometimes it's been great sometimes it's been useless.
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni & cheese and my husband ordered the brisket sandwich with a side of baked beans.
Hmmm... I wonder.
I suggest that the hotel adopt elevator music to distract the sluggish speed of that elevator.
Consistent offerings of service, food, atmosphere and drinks is what makes this franchise successful.
This is all after she made me wait for maybe 3 long minutes while she failed to address me standing there.
Why don't you care you could be so cool!
The pad thai that I sampled was very lifeless.
That being said, I do like their food.
Even the touches of place setting are just perfect.
super fast towel replenishment service (4 girls use up a lot of towels)6.
Nom nom.
This restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious Camelback Inn patio where they play live music every night.
All I can say is, if you are vegan or vegetarian, and you go to any of the Johnny Rockets, make sure that your waitress/waiter knows that a BOCA burger isn't meat.
FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL!!
Their guacamole and warm chips are also a yummy must!
This place is a model for how it should be done.
So we headed up central looking for an alternative.
We don't usually venture into Scottsdale for many reasons, but the siren song of a non-pretentious late night eatery was just calling to us.
Their bread also melts in your mouth.
Love this place.
And they upped the price (again) on the whole cashews.
I'm normally a deep dish pizza person but Grimaldi's is slowly winning me over for thin crust.
Steakhouses are competitive today and the typical Yelper probably has his or her favorite.
The burrata was silky smooth and spreads onto the ciabatta like softened cream cheese.
Trust me, it's worth a visit for the cheddar scallion scones with bacon jam!
My BF and I went to Roma Garden for dinner last night because he was given a gift certificate there from a friend.
The staff is ridiculously friendly and willing to answer any questions you have and will have a nice chat with you if they're not busy.
But the real star are the cupcakes themselves...lovingly displayed under glass domes.
They did serve a neat wedge of au gratin potatoes- multiple paper thin cheesy slices cut into a triangle.
Rolls are of a great quality and there are some rather unusual and pleasantly different ones there.
Great to know that the electronic store knows nothing about electronics!
We were never brought out the fries or beans and rice- reason for it per the server- there was a big party (8ppl) slowing the kitchen up.
They are awesome.
The meat was dry and the condiments were lacking which made it worse.
But I suppose it was a probably typical week night situation.
Everything on the menu looked delicious.
You know, kinda like Richie and Laurie Beth.
I first was introduced to these brownies in '09 when I received a variety box with 12 sprites and a can of cocoa for Christmas.
We will for sure be going back
un-freaking-believable.
On a post-grad shoestring budget, it is certainly a splurge.
The pits are setup nice so every ticket gets into the pits to check out the teams and cars, beer and food are expensive but what else is new.
I would suggest trying to find coupons, going on special days because spending $50 to just enter the center and it took us 2 hours to see everything and that was even with them trying all the experiments.
If you are looking for a nice dining experience, this is the place for you!
The spring rolls are also the best here out of every spring roll I have had anywhere.
They refused to subsitute for the brussels sprouts, then the waiter came back and said they could do it after all.
I made it home for two nights, and I would do it again.
I only say this of this location!
and enough of a portion to take leftovers home for lunch.
Very nice decor, but the food was mediocre at best.
The Chicken was the best.
Ok, yes I am writing a review for a fast food restaurant.
I'll grab a small table for myself, plug in my laptop (free wifi), spread out my papers everywhere, then go up to the counter for a large and extremely delicious Velvet Latte.
or veggie (Such as steamed broccoli).
The only thing negative on this visit was the sucky Berry Lemonade made with Minute Maid Lemonade, I thought for the price it would have been fresh squeezed, but alas I did not read the small type.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about the food, or the view?
The sauce is fresh tasting which huge chunks of garlic.
Glad I went back later on my own and found out how affordable it was!
there is always something to be had at rosie's.
Hard to see behind Carl's Jr. on Southern Ave but is Worth finding!
The food is good here, ordered the Mole enchiladas with no complaints, however we also ordered a skinny margarita which was not very strong and $15 ea!
When it's beautiful weather.
I have only been 4 times (and tried something different each time) but I want to keep coming back.
The patatas bravas really never fail- they remind me of my Mom's version of french fries.
the online menu looked like it had a few options for non-meat eaters (although it is very much a meat heavy menu).
Nice!
So, go for breakfast, go for lunch, go for a Bloody Mary or a Mimosa... just kick back and enjoy your meal!
Think Squirt and Patron!
They did not call security, or the police, or even offer any condolences.
Worth the time to do so.
One young fellow was more than happy to answer any questions we had regarding the preparation as well as the presentation of the food.
I even emailed them afterwards to give feedback, in hopes that they would redeem themselves by showing some good service that way.
A large one is $5 and not as big, so if you get even two this is a great deal.
I've never had a cart wobble...see Fry's review...they ride smooth and apparently are good for the enviornment.
3.
WHERE:  Listings for participating Ultra Star theaters are here... http://www.ultrastarmovies.com/parent_movie_morning.aspHOW: Because Ultra Star theater is AWESOME.
He also took care of us with an exquisite after dinner treat seeing as how mom was leaving.
Best BBQ ever.
What a perfect combo!
It was so good I ended up ordering another one because the first one was devoured so fast.
And for Gods sake bring back the Mayonnaise Shrimp !!
No need for a long review.
They arrive with a generous bowl of ranch and a few stalks of celery.
The Haircot Verts (French Green Beans) are simply delicious!
I would love to tell you that all of his reccs were spot on...but they weren't.
Our room was spacious and the bed was very comfy.
It's fun.
It's good enough to eat- but it's no where near the quality of Chuckbox which is right up the street.
I felt it was just too much, a little clunky.
I have been here twice and have only eaten the veggie tacos, 2 of them are enough to fill me up and they are very delicious!
Don't get me wrong, cachapas usually are rockin with butter but this was oozing everywhere.
2.
Everyone was extremely nice and we even got to play their "bingo" game for a free dinner (we didn't win).
The Kisra is basically a healthier version of a pizza with some more adventurous types of toppings... the one we got had pears on it.
I split the Big Ass Burger (a huge ground chuck patty with cheddar cheese, peppered bacon, thick-cut tomatoes, pickles, and onions) and a kettle of fries with a couple friends.
I had the spicy noodles and they were delicious, flavor great and quality was on point.
You just never know.
Oh we had 200 more people show up tonight that expected' Well, We had a reservation, so it is not our fault that you cannot staff your restaurant appropriately or turn away customers when you are too busy to handle new diners.
For 6 days out of the week I eat tons of fruits, veggies, nuts, seeds, whole grains, fish, etc.
If you are nice to them, they will be nice to you.
Enough said.
And while I ordered vegetable spring rolls, I got what tasted like low-quality hamburger meat!
We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish.
They had great flavor.
Good pizza.
I eat there about 3 times a week!!
I dunked some of my chicken into her side of gravy and SHAZAAM it was like licking a salt mine!
The chicken is chopped up into tofu-looking squares.
Reminds me of the 24 hour on Camelback - similar layout.
Fusion food that is about 10 years past its prime.
I called to see about getting a bathrobe and some toothpaste and it was brought up in less than 10 minutes!
He asked me all the questions about how I wanted the sandwich and put the dip in a to go cup for me so I wouldn't have a mush sandwich when I got home.
BUT I love the beans as they are.
But bartender, why is getting a recommendation out of you like pulling teeth?
Better than McDonald's yeah and similar to In-n-Out but nothing really special.
The crunch roll was very fresh with good quality ingredients, crunchy shrimp Tempura, crab, avocado, etc.
I took it back to my table to share with my Mama (who is also gluten free) and we both said at about the same time: " Oh, my gosh this is really good!"
Good food in a unique setting with fantastic service.
So she COULD have spent the quoted $800 and STILL had the same problem!
Cisco came out and introduced himself while I was waiting and chatted with me for a few minutes.
Being cognizant of that, it was a smart idea to peak at the menu before arriving.
My personal favorite is the breakfast supreme w/ red sauce ( and root beer the size of my head).
Overcooked, uneventful, lame.
IF YOU HAVE KIDS YOU MUST READ!!!
Yup, I'm reviewing a gas station.
Consistently a good experience.
A few weeks back my boyfriend and I wanted to get a little buzzed at home, so we decided on streets of new york to deliver us some grub.
i couldn't help but notice Danielle interact with the other employees they always laughed or high fived her with each exchange.
The teppan is a little pricey, the sushi is consistantly good (they also offer the all you can eat sushi), and the sake selection is ok (very average).
I'm so happy we did!
I'm lucky to be in close proximity to Press, but I think I would even make the drive just for that mascarpone cake!
Our seats were comfortable, leather (or pleather), roomy, we could stretch out our legs without touching the chairs in front of us, we had 3 cup holders between the both of us, and the seats leaned back.
Service - I usually sit up at the bar when I stop by, and they have some of the friendliest bartenders in town!
The nurses are all knowledgeable, caring, and nice.
If I hadn't recently found Yogurtland in Scottsdale I would be raving about this place.
While this location is a favorite along the student body, a good mix of locals and students come here.
Good tacos, good burritos, real good non-taco bell mexican!
I am a HUGE fan of micro breweries.
In short, we left hungry and wondering why we spent over $200 for the entire meal.
This place is full of local drunks, but a good watering hole (yeah literally).
It tasted like beef jerky and butter.
With dinner, you get cole slaw - you can "upgrade" to soup or salad for 2.50 more.
Jesus.
3 stars because, on principle, I think that's the most any fast food place can reasonably expect.
We loved the bread pudding, which was HUGE for the price.
How can you not fall in love with this store the moment you walk in is beyond me.
The shrimp on the pb was succulent and almost tasted as if it was battered in beignet mix as the fried was light and airy.
I will not be going back here.
They have an active dog area and a passive dog area.
It is kept cool by the overhead canopy and the swamp cooler air blowing out from inside the coffee shop.
Can't wait to go back to try out there new bar bite menu in 2 weeks, and take advantage of the locals' secret  1/2 off bottle night on Tuesdays from there amazingly huge book of wines to choose from.
Every corner of this place is romantic.
Seriously I can't stand the employees at Whole Foods or Sprouts.
Service?
I was in the restroom when my wife ordered for me, so couldn't comment on the friendliness of the staff.
The Great Indoors is a phenomenal place to get lost and dream about what you would like to have your home look like.
And messy!
A slight drawback is that there is limited outdoor seating, which, given the predictably large lines even on weekdays, is a problem.
Thank God my husband ordered the Chocolate/Peanut Butter pot pie so I could steal from him!
I think we will probably try a new place next time but if we can't find anything better, I think we won't have any problem going back to Swaddee.
We're lucky to have many of them here right in our backyard.
Of course the rooms are a little outdated and boring but its only a place to rest your head.
No complimentary chips and salsa which would be ok if they offered something else like Barrio.
Nice mild funk flavor to the decor.
Its all carefully crafted to give you some blend of quasi-upscale, Irish, hipster cool, but it just fails to deliver.
that was the only time we didn't feel guilty about her saliva marking other dogs).
^)
My parents wanted fish tacos (they only know Rubio's fish tacos and burritos *roll eyes*) and I ordered some al pastor and asada tacos.
There's damn good reason they are one of my top-five speed dials.
The waitress was helpful in getting us drunk off a variety of liquors.
It was like an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED!
Yum...just kidding.
Guess Tapino just isn't for her.
I live by Dicks so that is where I usually go, but if in the neighborhood I would hit them up.
This place is great.
-The staff rocks.
We love buying our meat here, especially the chicken sausages and tenders (when they are on sale).
Over to The Vig we went.
We often had 40+ kids in one classroom.
The food was so-so.
This place is amazing.
I don't really ever need to go back to Barrio, unless I'm craving a serious margarita served up by a cute hipster.
Restaurant 28 is a solid hole-in-the-wall that's pretty easy to miss, but it's definitely worth a stop.
My absolute favorite is the chocolate iced cake donut with m&m's.
It was supposed to come with 2 bacon and 2 sausage, but for some reason, mine came with four pieces of bacon.
This was a great place to go with the parents for Thanksgiving.
Enjoy people!
Ordered many of our usual items, plus Mongolian beef, which was very tasty.
This place would be 4 stars if they wash options were better, but overall it's not a bad place to get your car clean.
Only went to the downstairs bar, but cannot wait to return!
Sprinklers tend to sprinkle more water over the sidewalks than the grass area.
Not sure why anyone would ding them for that.
Would definitely recommend CityWide for anyone's plumbing needs.
Overall, Mr Chao's is a fine choice in Ahwatukee for Americanized Chinese food.
from the description, i assumed, dont ever assume, that this was going to have some spring mix as a salad base, then have the tomatoes witih cheese and basil, and then the lemon with olive oil as a dressing.
Everything was HUUGE.
My favorites are the wild mushroom it is very creamy and has a great flavor.
You are treated kindly and with respect from the get go - a very warm place to walk into.
If you see a pair of Seven jeans for 14.99 DESCRETELY grab them and move on.. Any sense of alert will beckon a herd of jean hungry woman and you will get mobbed!
I had thd NY strip steak and i don not think it was worth the price.
Agreed the service is not always the greatest but who expects 5star service at a breakfast/lunch cafe.
I had such a great time at this place both times i went.
I was in island heaven.
I ordered the pancit for my husband and it was terrible!
*I have no idea if this is still the same site anymore.
The muffins are moist and delicious.
The movie was great but when using the restrooms they are very small for the amount of people going there (5 stalls) there was no toilet paper, one was out of order, long waiting lines and one soap dispenser didn't work .
and our beers came with a small appetizer of cheese and salami.
Luminarias is my favorite Arizona activity during the holidays and I can't wait to go back next year!!
You may have to walk through every aisle to find what you need, but that's part of the adventure.
It seems like whenever we walk in there the employees don't seem to be knowledgeable about the products there.
One specific entity of the Renaissance Festival that stands out in my mind is the old coin striking mill tucked away and blended into in the strips of stores surrounding it.
* Cheese plate:  Three cheeses with toasted almonds, crackers, dried apricot and apple half.
I find this somewhat condescending, not that I think that was her intention, but I think that is unnecessary.
My sensitive skin has taken a beating at many other places but never here.
If you come here for brunch and like french toast, you have to try it.
Saw this place in the Yelp email.
Everything is ala carte which makes it a little pricy (came to nearly $9).
Come on now, let's call a turd a turd on this one.. Waterfront is a stretch, its a canal, a stinking fucking canal.. leave it to the Scottsdale developers and planners to put a Scottsdalian slant on the turd.. kudo's to them!
The wait staff seems completely untrained and unaware.
Used to need to make two grocery trips, but no longer.)
A friend from Phoenix recommended this place and we stopped by on a trip from up north.
It's a supermarket.
If you like P.F. Changs, you will love Pei Wei!
The Burritoes are huge and would challenge Chipotle's size, but also put to shame the cold taste you get from Chipotle's burritoes, from ingredients sitting out cold like a Subway line...  The Burrito Especial is really good which has big pieces of shrimp and some nice chunks of zucchini.
We started with the Artichoke Croquettes, and the Calamari as well.
The market has a nice selection of hookahs, shisha, and accessories.
Excellent place for a nice dinner, A classy place to bring friends for cocktails and food
besides, $9 is more than a fair price for 3 eggs, black beans and carne adovada in a bowl on a flour tortilla - even if it was more beans than pork.)
Service was by that waitress who does everything perfectly.
The salsa was very soupy, like you'd get from a jar.
Please see my review of Foothills Smiles on Ray Rd.
For mall food this place is great.
The bacon was the saving grace, as the burger itself was a little dry and didn't have a ton of flavor.
It was sexy.
nearby, the competition for "fast casual" is stiff and Pei Wei just doesn't cut it for me unless I really had a craving for Asian food that day.
I thought it was great that most of the ingredients were vegan and vegetarian friendly.
First impressions sometimes last a lifetime.
Formerly Sandbar, this is a great new spot in Central Scottsdale to chill out after work.
They said they sent paper and electronic mailers - but I did not get one.
This is a brand new bar located right next to Seamus, within the San Carlos through an agreement with the hotel's ownership.
The CPC has taken these pilgrim pockets to the next level.
They do have the naked lady game.... otherwise known as Photo Hunt... the best bar game of all time.
The miso soup was served barely like warm.
After an hour fifteen we were seat.
No line in sight, just people crowding together, trying to get to the front of the line.
Still very delicious.
Great atmosphere.
Apparently it is for morning crew.
Coming to Scottsdale.
UPDATE: Received an annoying email from the owner (the husband) who instructed me give " *constructive criticism* " and not make a personal attack or be petty.
Although I did like this place when it was "The Counter," it looks to me like the change that Fox Restaurant Concepts made to this restaurant was a good one!
That appetizer is accompanied by a fantastic red salsa.
I love this theater!!
I just tried the other Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley, and was disappointed, and my gratitude for Cafe Lalibela multiplied.
Its a like a COMPLETELY new atmosphere!!
I recommend using the wheat noodles, because you can create a taller mountain of noodles and it's healthier!
Support Organic!!
My coffee cup was never empty, and even as I was leaving, my waitress was filling up my to-go coffee cup..  she gets my vote for the most wonderful person of the day.
Despite benign the end of a long day the low turnover staff was great and personally recognized me and greeted me.
Our favorite (both agreed) was the Beet Salad.
When you finally do get home thanks to a caring homeless guy that actually does have money (you find this out because he has a car) and gives you a ride home.
The area is definitely lucky to have such a place.
The fries were really good though...extra crispy.
They hold an extra $25 on your card in case of room damage.
His spirit and convictions were brought to life by FLW and being in this incredible complex where he lived, worked and taught was indescribably cool.
Other than that I'd definitely visit again.
Dad enjoyed his wine, had 3 glasses & I loved my cocktail, so yummy!
We got 4 plates which consisted of 4 individual sauces with some stuff in them...one had shrimp, one had chicken, one had pork, and one had chihuahua.
They don't try to pressure you to get little designs on your nails. (
I didn't particularly notice anyone being overly nice or particularly friendly to anyone else here.
And try the home made ginger ale, tonic or lemonade by them selves... or mix it up with one of their top shelve spirits.
It was just like being back in New York.
I had never heard of it before then, so I went home and did my research.
Either way, the owners are super sweet and nice and it usually is never too busy.
On closer inspection, lots of the tanks were infested with aiptasia and bubble algae, and prices of coral were hugely inflated compared to other prices in the area and back home.
The waitress was condescending and the food was overprices.
The cashier guy who looked suspiciously like Ray Liotta was very friendly and working like crazy so I'm pretty sure he was the manager if not the owner.
He did say he would come back again, and for my dad to say that is a good thing.
apparently it was delicious (how he ate the whole thing, i will never know).
Maybe I expected too much.
Here's what we had:~ I had scrambled eggs with chorizo (dry), cheese, onions, potatoes, and Jalapenos.
I can't put my finger on it.
I think the club is more tennis based yet they have do have group exercise classes, racquetball courts and a pool.
Something for everyone!
Then, they sent us the manager, who was clueless.
Not even the onions bothered me.
We went to downtown chandler to walk around and we took our dog Buddha with us since its a great outdoor area.
Definitely.
The first time I went here was when I first moved out to AZ back in 2006.
Best of all, for a mere $17 you can have UNLIMITED car washes.
The staff are friendly and the food is good, but it just feels too much like a man's club.
I don't understand it ????
Kind of decorated in a golden age of hollywood style.
We had a great booth - giving us a vantage point, watching the parade of customers & employees.
It was a Sunday morning & Mimi's was PACKED!
Oh yeah, I didn't get the raviolis this time, but if you've haven't had them it's a must try.
I remember being excited to come eat here.
Basicly i would let anyone know i like it, never heard a wiper of a bad experience here.
It's just a place for convenient late-night munchies.
I know I should probably stick to water anyway, but I always enjoy a diet coke with any good meal.
Went for lunch with my family - my wife and I both ordered salad nicoise and tasted  the food ordered by our kids - croque monsieur, the burger, and french fries (pomme frites).
I think that the crowd just has to pick up, really.
Besides the great crepe and friendly service from the owner Alain Keller I was also treated to a laughing experience.
It's so loud that we had to move our bed to the other side of the room and run a humidifier all night just to try to block the noise, but that doesn't work.
I love the decor and the lighting of the restaurant.
Just take a regular glass, it's more comfortable...." He trusted me not to fill up my glass with anything but water (and I did only drink water).
You will have a great time!
And the wait staff is pretty damn attentive.
In addition, this place does sell some luxury food that Lee Lee does not offer.
Love the selection of things to buy sorta like a little market in NY!
Recommended if you're in the area.
Nachos, quesadillas, and celery/carrots options but NO SLIDERS???
I guess they don't want my business and I just leave.
They have all the waiters follow us to get in line for the self-service buffet.
With a little bit more decor, faster service and a cleaner environment this place can return to be the GEM that people used to talk about.
The smaller one was perfect, juicy and crispy.
I should eat faster next time!
So normally I'm not that tough on places, but I think when you're serving Mexican food in Phoenix, there is a certain level of expectation.
Calamari, ok.
Are you a bouncer?
The customer service guy refunded my money with no questions!
My daughter got the brisket sandwich (she let me try a bite - nice combination of BBQ sauce, slaw and pickles - but she picked out the pickles and slaw!)
We left unimpressed and don't really have any craving to go back there again.
We cant thank CC Sunscreens enough -   They are simply the best!
I'm a fan.
and the wallpaper.
Not my type of amber but they tried.
I lost my appetite after a few bites.
It really is that good.
The booth was comfortable.
Yes, you have the kids running around everywhere.
Le sigh... Open T-Sa 8:00am - 5:00pm; information only after 4:30pm
Probably the best chinese food in the west valley!
Now let me point out two issues: I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, and I only get the Tacos Del Mar or Ono Fajitas which are versions of the same thing.
A lost art most would say in a place that seems like could be your typical chain, quick fix, "Fresh Mexican Food"...  The two owners are buddies as the name proclaims and they are a friendly bunch.
Kraft mac & cheese on kids menu.
The reference cards you give out will earn you discounts on your next purchase!
Yoli's has recently been popping up on Yelp's 'Best Of' front page.
Canteen offers many things that La Bocca does...and more.
I think I am the only person I know that isn't a fan of the Smashfries.
With the finest ingredients, Picazzo's takes great care in delivering the best in atmosphere and dish.
The menu is enormous, so if you happen to be in the mood for something other than their glorious, never-watered-down noodle soup, you can try something else.
The two-actor (Megan McGinnis and Robert Adelman Hancock) musical, plus the invisible, but great assets, the orchestra and sound crew, entertained and amazed me w/ their execution of a well-written body of work.
They came in a little bowl, but there were about 20 of them.
So this is my current Sunday All day Happy Hour JAM!
awesome iconic eatery!
The police talked to them, realized they were perfectly well behaved consumers, and assured me I'd done nothing illegal.
Will definitely eat here again!
But I must give BIG Kudos to Gavin for his kindness, attention to detail and outstanding customer service.
Overpriced for a lunch menu, I thought, and the calamari appetizer was a huge disappointment.
I love Greek food, but I need to stop letting my friends drag me to this restaurant.
Had some amazing cuisine at Milagro's.
This is definitely the best place for breakfast in Wickenburg.
I also crave their fried zucchini on a steady basis.
What makes this restaurant to be my number one spot of Japanese restaurant in the valley was the sushi chef service is superb!
Great flatbreads and atmosphere
I'll be back with Dexter.
I had the Crab Cake BLT, and although it sounds unappealing, it was surprisingly good.
Seeing we'd only eaten a bit, the waitress comped the dessert.
The waiter took our drink orders and and put in the appetizer.
It's convenient that there's a wells fargo in there, but there's one across the street as well.
I enjoyed my steak but my only negative was the plate it was brought on.
After all this, their solution was to comp an appetizer, not the salad, and eventually gave me a new salad to go, which I decided not to eat just to be on the safe side.
yes, they take a loooong time, just because if you peak behind in the kitchen, theres only 2 workers!
If your in the area of 44th Street and Thomas, forgo the big chain of Chipotle and show this lovey Phoenix gem some love, your taste buds will not be disappointed.
One of the few legit brewpubs around.
I LOVE chilaquiles so much and had mostly seen them only served at breakfast until I opened up Manuel's menu and there they were, just how I like them!
It gets to the table and it's the biggest hunk of salmon I've seen.
I can die happy now.
Clean, quiet rooms.
Totally worth the drive from Scottsdale.
A little disconcerting at first had I not read the other Yelp reviews.
I'd recommend an appointment.
The ambiance is awesome!
IE divorce, porn, sex, sexuality, infedility, etc.
While Mastro's is not my top choice since I am not a "Steakhouse kinda girl" it was all good stuff.
luckily every issue we've had has been with confidence for the front of house stuff (speaking up, looking at you in the eyes) -- the food is always excellent  generally they don't always offer everything on the menu but it's generallty the cod or sole.
We also shared the smoked turkey and warm brie sandwich with white bean salad.
Lastly my friend's fiance ordered that day's special which was a green chili burrito... delicious and huge.
I was happy to have a little more than annoying house music all night.
The gardeners,  the cleaning staff, the front desk, the parking attendant, all of them were super nice and fun and genuinely happy to be of service..
YES.
We each ordered a sandwich and a side salad for about $7.00 per person.
It's now become a staple for lunch meetings!
We had left-overs for three additional meals.
The crew at this location is very good.
The same story with some airbrush materials.
The inside had a funky smell so we opted for 100 degree heat and ate outside instead.
I've suffered from low back issues for years and Dr. Frank always knows how to treat the problem.
Store is never stocked.
Damn it we had to drive by Arriba's to get to this place.
It's about time Scottsdale started opening restaurants that can compete with S.F. and NY.
The decor is elegant and sophisticated.
Tons of tvs showing sports so sports bar.
The clientele has changed, as has the interior.
The owners are also very welcoming, made us feel like family.
It's wheelchair accessible.
So, needless to say - I don't think I'll be giving you another shot.
We also had a corn tamale that was sweet and moist and tasty, rolled in a banana leaf instead of the corn husk we are used to.
2.
So, we decided to give Chompie's a whirl.
Tip for music-lovers:  Sit or stand in the room where the music is.
Another 10 minutes and no server.
If you get a chance and you're thinking of having your bathtub, tile, vanity or kitchen countertop replaced, check out this company first!
The normal size for the burger is a double-patty, and the fries come overflowing from a 12 oz.
Saw Batman.
Since my first visit, the bartending staff has improved LEAGUES.
I've learned from experience that this just goes better with the salsa there.
Then I had my amazing facial.
The wine selection is ok and the staff seemed friendly.
As a beginner, the instructors made me feel welcome and motivated even though my skills were untrained.
This was -not- a good bowl of pho.
Parking is free at the hotel.
So chock full of sugary sweetness my teeth kinda hurt just thinking about it.
We normally show up stinky and limping or in some sour mood or another.
Very strange, in my opinion.
Only wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could eat there more often.
Get rid of these people already... just sad!!
This is a good store for your beauty needs.
But the ABSOLUTE FAVORITE of the night were the chicken and waffles!
The service was a bit slow, but the place was pretty much full up so I expected it to take a bit of time.
Hype is usually just hype!
It was fabulous!
Being no fool, I go straight for the el pastor chimi (solo, not the platter)!
I don't think it's about the money and I certainly don't write reviews to elicit free meals.
Not an exciting place but pleasant to think of returning to.
Mmmmm (and 1/2 priced)!!!
And for good reason.
Hallelujah, let's see what the fuss is all about.
It sorta reminded me of a cross between soft pork or chicken.
If you can brave the crowd that comes out for it, seriously do it.
I happened to be in the area, popping in to buy a backpack at Staples an decided to get a burrito to go to munch on when I got back to my office.
The ice cream looked good...will have to try in the future.
It was pretty slow.
Not a bad dinner price.
Some with lap pools and patios while others had private decks up against the hills.
I was looking for a resort/spa but also wanted to take advantage of horseback riding as much as I could.
I really enjoy the Vietnamese art here especially the portraits of the Ao Dai...Girls in Ao Dai - oh my! -
1st review.
Stopped by one night late, only one guy working, probably the manager/owner based on him being on the phone and looking like he wanted to gtfo dodge attitude and not wearing anything quiznos related like most workers do... Food... subpar... it's a chain... it's hard to fuck up... but he did.
We both started with spring rolls - she had the salmon, I had the barbecue pork.
I also like that you can get beer here.
It needed some attention -- a new carburetor, spark plug, bulb, and gasket.
Price is very acceptable @ $7.00 a day.
I have not tried the burgers at this location yet but if they are anything like the other location they will be very tasty.
Not being a big fan of chain restaurants, I wasnt super excited to eat here last night.
I'm from Chicago so I'm picky with my pizza--this place does it right (NY style)!
They are also very kid friendly.
How very disappointing!
Live entertainment, friendly, restroom clean, my dish was good, but my hubbies dish the meat was not seasoned at all and for a fajita they gave him a burrito flour size tortilla and took about 15 mins to bring a second one.
The service was great, very polite and friendly waiters.
The restaurants ands bar are all super expensive and not worth the price - but if you are sans-car you are trapped.
The potatoes were not good, they had WAY too much pepper on them, I couldn't even eat them.
I guess that about sums it up.
Michael or Jan will take great care of you at the bar!
Granted, they were not very busy late on a Friday night, but that wasn't the point.
What can I say?
The setting is as attractive as any restaurant I can remember, with classical contemporary decor and a very cool display of alcohol bottles in the bar.
Wish they had a few more wine options for us non-beer drinkers but then again I wouldn't want to hear a beer drinker say that at a wine bar, so I won't judge.
What I question is how Fred's scored only $$.
I liked this place and will return.
Not really a fan of the German Choc that my friends K and D got.
I'm not there all day, but I'm there at all times of the day because I have a home office, and you never know when you suddenly need caffeine.
This place has exceptional food and pretty great service for how busy it always is.
I returned a few weeks later during their friends and family night and purchase a different color of the same shoe...perfect for traveling and the lovely shaded purples ones will be a great pop of color with my comfy and neutral travel clothes!
Might want to get here early though - we arrived at 9:30 on a Sunday and there were only a couple of tables still open.
I came in around 4, so it wasn't too busy, but I look forward to coming in again at night time and checking out some of their other drinks and food.
Here's an idea: make your sauce fresh and then put it in big ass jars than we can either portion out ourselves (like Joe's Real BBQ) or put it in squeezable bottles (like Famous Dave's)... *anything* but giant glass bottles with pourer restrictors on... puhleeeeze!
It was like a bakery buffet, danielle is right there baking away behind a corner of the counter on most mornings.
we started off with the greek lavosh which was to die for.
food was good.
But, that being said, it's great for a once-in-awhile-treat.
It's all quite pricey though.
The SPINACH CON QUESO DIP was ok, but the chips that came with it were stale and the CHICKEN AVOCADO SANDWICH was dry and came out like a burger not a sandwich......The Skinny Margarita's are horrible and lack tequila and the bartender doesn't know how to make a good martini to save his life!
Cannot wait to return!
The zumba class used to be my favorite, but not so much anymore.
Both my wife and I were pleasantly surprised with Sekong By Night.
The mac n'cheese is creamy and crispy goodness.
Technically, I believe its a pizza place, but I've never had a pizza.
The beer was even better.
When you have a vehicle full of kids which one would you pick?
Where else can you get a Chile Relleno wrapped in a tortilla to make a burrito?
We stuck around for about 5 songs and decided to move on.
The orange flavor definitely made that drink more than tolerable.
I'd rather have one 1/4 that size that tasted nice.
Minus two big stars for what they consider guacamole.
So I'll likely have half a steak for lunch the next day.
My salad had the perfect amount of dressing.
There are a lot of treadmills and they're recent...not new...they look overused...but yeah.
Let me warn you - this isn't an appetizer, this is a meal.
They are at the market for food truck fridays also.
They are getting too big for their britches.
cuz it's western?
Definitely going to make this a normal visit instead of waiting 3 years to try it.
Good.
I really didn't like the seasoning on the fish, either.
The last time that I was there, I had to try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream.
Steak-melts in  your mouth!
If your answer is yes, don't bother coming here.
However, the texture of the ingredients was strange - i.e. full slices of bacon rather than smaller bite-sized pieces made greasier than it needed to be and messy to eatTako Yaki - again, a strange texture with awkward large chunks of octopus surrounded by 'breading' that fell apart easilyThe ramen dishes (Miso Ramen w/ Pork, Goma Ramen w/ Pork and Shitake Mushroom Rames) were small, and more or less indistinguishable from one another.
Had the Jalapeno burger.
Bathrooms are nice and always clean.
Shop from hundreds of the best walking and running brands like ASICS, adidas, Brooks, New Balance, Saucony, Mizuno, Merrell, Nike, Puma, Pearl Izumi, Sperry, Timberland, Under Armour.
I was always getting terrible haircuts at places like Great Clips and Hair Cuttery (when I lived in Virginia Beach), and I just assumed it was because I naturally had jacked-up hair.
He took into consideration my piercing past and said it's subtleness and the petite jewelry would suit me well.
I have been meaning to stop in but keep driving on by.
A prospective customer at Sakana must check out the Customer Appreciation Sushi Roll menu before ordering from the "main" menu.
I love the fact that I can try something new without committing!
I've been here once before August 2010 (don't remember what burger I had but recall it was good) and the other night I had the Peppercorn Burger and it was as good as it gets.
It's brunch, not brain surgery.
Whew!
Gym - is that treadmill falling apart?
I have also tried their sausage and pep sandwich which is just as good.
Plenty of toppings, well worth the 9 dollarsService-The guy behind the counter is very nice and makes excellent suggestions and remembers me every time I come in and asks how his suggestion panned out!
me: "what the... O.K., give me 2 slices of pizza"guy: "you buy two slices then."
I remember this place being good the few times I went there.
I tend to use services where I find them and haven't really found a  really great barbershop in the last three years.
My partner and I had the opportunity to have dinner here a few weeks ago and we were totally wowed by everything!
We look forward to trying it again to see how it improves and evolves.
I have been coming here for ages.
Maybe Chris Bianco did learn how to make pizza from Jesus.
If I ever won the lottery, I would probably spend enough money in one day here to keep the place in business for another few decades.
They try to think out of the box to create dishes that are unique, have fresh ingredients, and have a local twist.
This studio is probably the best hot yoga studio I have been to.
This is exactly what I am doing about the "Arrogant Butcher."
I cook better pasta than them, and I am not much of a cook.
4 huge soft, warm pretzels covered in salt, served with cheese sauces and honey mustard dip.
Works every time.
They give you 5 stars customer service and making sure that you're having the best time of your life.
We cleared our plates in no time so I guess that means the food was good, right?
Especially near downtown Phoenix.
I noticed that not only did he not get any winnings, but no one around was winning either during the entire time he played.
When I graduate in June I know I will be leaving with much more than when I began.
For an appetizer we selected the garlic dip with two pitas.
But if you want to bring your little one somewhere different and fun that they will love you for, come here.
It was mostly bread, with a few thing microscopic slices of meat.
We both had that initial panic attack of "oh crap, I have never been here and the menu is longer than a 5 year old's Christmas list and I don't even know where to start because suddenly I feel like I can't even read English."
At this point, I got to what I consider to be the crowning achievement of the meal: the yuzu marinated black cod.
If you wander into it, you won't remember much more than that.
I subbed some sweet potato fries with it and they were pretty good.
The burger was Phenomenal I had the Santa Fe which had the amazing Rocket Sauce, bacon, and fried green chili.
Ouch!
Helpful enough in the beginning, but I think once she sensed we weren't thrilled with our food, she just tried to get away with a minimal amount of interaction.
The beans were also very good.
The price range is moderate.
I ordered a thin crust for carry-out one evening.
I bought a Living Social coupon, and I am so glad I found this company.
the special roll, the spider roll, was full of crispy soft shell crab and just enough spicy-ness for a much needed kick in the mouth.
It reminded me of time i have spent down the coast of mexico, very wonderful.
lots of yumminess and it is dog-friendly!
The good: nice place, nice service.
Shocked this place has 4 stars.
If you are a fan of the king, either of the two clowns, or the red haired girl, then Fatburger is likely to feel too expensive and that it takes too long.
Great for young kids... tons to do and see
Zupas officially opens today!
I found this place on Yelp and came here while on a trip to Arizona.
I've been going their for about two months on Friday and Saturday nights for food, drinks and the karaoke.
It came with a fresh greek salad and a yogurt sauce and I couldn't have asked for anything more.
The lack of top down management care and supervision carries through in all elements of the poor experience.
I've definitely had better, so the signs hanging all over the place that claim that they're "gourmet" is definitely a bit of marketing puffery.
Cheaper than Jimmy Johns, a bit more than Subway - but the fresh, locally sourced ingredients make up for it.
Plus, it was the thinner type so you wouldn't expect to pay that much.
I wolfed down the side salad just to get something remotely healthy in there after the onslaught of grease, although I almost choked on the buckets of sugar syrup they call salad dressing.
Easily the best Mexican food I've had the pleasure of enjoying in the States.
Definitely check this place out, you'll love it!
The complimentary appetizer of lightly spiced, steamed edamame was delightful and even though they gave us warmed wet washcloths we were complete heathens and ate with our hands without ever using them.
She had a bag full of goodies (several hundreds of dollars worth) from H&M.  She stopped at Forever 21 and  sat her bag on the ground right beside her while she tried on a pair of shoes.
Went there for the first time a couple weeks ago.
and a family guy i think.
Awesome.
Some moron who said you'd be showing the game!"
I don't really care for the salads but I love the Potato cream cheese soup.
So why the four stars, you ask?
I can go to AZ Art in Tempe and when something is out can order from their mother store and it's there the next day.
Both drinks were quite tasty- my tea was strong like I like it, but not bitter.
I'd prefer a bit spicier, but perfect for my husband.
Went on a Sunday around 11am - busy but not packed.
The service, as many other yelpers have mentioned, can be excruciatingly slow some times.
It has hockey, football, soccer, baseball, and golf.
And my attendant was super friendly and completely cool with the fact that I had clearly neglected my heals for the last two months (something that was hugely apparent after she started filing away - how mortifying... skin flying everywhere!!!)
And, the 3 of us ended up splitting these 2 dishes, since the other dish was awful.
I love this place!
Nor do you show up for the cheap pitchers of beer.
Save your money and go to Kyoto Bowl.
Maybe because the portions are sized for her.
A few minutes later, the waitress arrived to take my drink order.
Its a very small shop, with extremely limited seating.
I've had worse.
Unfortunately this place needs some work in order to make it worth your time.
Be it produce or the meat section, the colors are brighter, the items are bigger and you just know it's going to taste better.
definately recommend this joint.
And some days the entertainment value is better than others.
Could have been 4 stars... I went here for the first time last Friday.
3.
Once they laser the hair, all your hair will fall out and wont grow back for like 2 months, its better than waxing.
The food arrived on a timely manner.
It's also a good place for large groups.
You still have to press the correct number and leave a phone number for a return call.
Fries were hot and crunchy.
My green corn tamales were a tad sweet for my taste, reminiscent of El Torito sweet corn cake.
nice experience.
He had put in for a regular beef burger.
The food was decent, however I am writing about their underhanded business practices.
And it was, well, just a chicken burrito, at best.
Will not go back.
So I was in the clear and my annoyance never gained traction into anything that prevented me from returning.
It will only be for special occasion for us because its pricey, but it is worth it.
One employee looked at me several times but ultimately went back to stocking shelves each time.
Our waiter was also great.
Pizza - deliciousCustomer appreciation - needs improvementHope some changes have been made over the last couple of years
Mims serves legitimately good Mexican food, burgers, hotdogs and everything else.
Salad was nothing but iceberg lettuce (and I got a stump) with some shredded red cabbage.
My husband and I both got the taco plates (mine steak and his fish) which come with two soft corn tortilla tacos, black beans, and rice.
Rocket Burger and Subs serves up huge sandwiches and fried delights for astonishingly low prices, and much of the food is home-made.
:(  I stopped by two days ago unaware that they had closed.
I'm weirdly glad that they're not closer ( in fact very far away from me) because I'll be there every day = gaining tons of weight!
Perhaps that is a reason to seat patrons, so a server knows they've arrived?
If I had not been on carb restriction, I would have had one for sure.
The friendly staff and comfortable informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits.
None of our food was greasy or soggy, the olive oil they use is excellent and the fresh mozzarella mouth watering.
This place was real chill last night.
I checked the Danny's site and saw no promotion of the wash and didn't want to drive out of my way for nothing.
Let me just give you a brief sample of our experience - the Ahi Tuna Tartare appetizer has been changed to a lackluster combination of flavors.
*There are monthly activities at the library - but mostly about old-fart diets and how to use Microsoft Word.
And the patio is probably amazing when the weather cooperates.
Atmosphere: goodService: goodMy only beef: I did once have the jambalaya and that simply left me wanting authentic Cajun.
I'll go back and give it another go - I'll give the chicken adobo (my other favorite) a shot for some redemption.
This is my first time... so Your Milage May Vary.. Sidenote, I'n no Church's Chicken fan, but I went to the one on Arizona Avenue... and I've got to say, thats some fine spicy chicken!
Don't judge this place until you have tried that sandwich!
They were also playing football (soccer) on the flat screens, so should make some team scarf-wearing Brit ex-pats in the Valley very happy.
Lucky for us, all the peeps walking around (seeming "Zombie-like") were waiting on Pizzeria Bianco, the Pizza place across the way!
Every sports town should have a bar like this (just outside the arena).
And, though the address is off of University Drive, the front is really facing Hardy.
I opted for the make your own omelet, and it came with beans and some potatoes.
I just parked at the west gate parking lot.
I opted for a salad which hit the spot- but could have been a tad bigger.... as a result we definitely had room for dessert.
I really enjoy their grilled cheese sandwich (plain, I know!)
Love this place.
I just wish it had a wider range, I'd use it every day if I could.
Every time I visit I come here.
While he was completely engaged in talking to our group, I could tell he was also constantly surveying the restaurant to make sure all was running smoothly.
So deciding there was no money to made on eBay, I set out to get them repaired.
The omelet was pretty darn good, and the hashbrowns were nice and crisp.
All in all, one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, and I have been to many in the States.
They usually are.
If you're lucky enough to be in their delivery area...well, darn you then! :-)
The crowd is always diverse, friendly and easy to engage in slurred conversation.
I found more entertainment from the writing on the wall, which had clearly been painted over MANY times since the 60s, and the open/close sign which reads, if closed, to contact "Jesus".
The garlic mashed potatoes-amazing!
Dessert: (By this point, we knew we'd need to be rolled out of the restaurant, but we HAD to have dessert since it was part of restaurant week).
Caught Louis CK here last night... Beautiful theater... absolutely stunning.
You might have better luck at any of the other 10 Mexican restaurants on Bell Road.
We decided to go with cocktail drinks rather than wines because of other yelpers' reviews.
The set menu was fantastic.
Try em you'll love em!
I usually go to Kristen, but all others are as equally friendly and competent.
Welcome to North Scottsdale Barcelona.
Yes, I also made sure to give my friend his lunch as well.
It's an order at the counter and grab a seat kinda place.
Especially if your going solo.
All I can say is the service was great but the drinks are amazing!!!
It was straight-from-a-bag mozzarella... which was congealed into a huge mass of grease.
Likewise, I appreciate the regular menu featuring a lot of local product sources,  but I'd guess these are from a frozen patty national vendor.
I find service to be fast which is really important during lunch.
Until they get their quality under control, we won't eat here except for lunch.
Other than that, drive a block and eat at Mucho Gusto down the street--now that is real mexican food!
The seafood is about as authentic as it gets in the US.
I have passed this place for 20 years and had always heard good things.
I love Tasty Kabob!
But when I got to one of these stores, I was disappointed.
The last three times I have been here, the hostesses have been so incredibly rude I have to update and ding them a star.
Great great happy hour!
"Its alright"
I love Rubios.
This thing weighs a ton and I've been eating it for 2 hours.
I wanna be with you night and day....Went back to the swizzle last night and fell in love again.
The fried rice tasted like it too was thawed out, kind of had a gross tangy after taste.
The ribs, french dip, and hot fudge sundae are great too.
Our server was very knowledgable about the menu especially the drink menu.
3) I can't believe I have to mention this- DON'T FREAKIN' SMOKE on the trail.
As weird as it sounds, you have to check out the bathrooms, they are the best I have ever seen. (
This place has THREE pools (nice if you don't want to hang out near the bar), basketball court, laundry facilities, restaurant, plenty of parking, free wi-fi, full kitchen, great housekeeping service (they cleaned our dirty dishes!),
I was here last Saturday morning and the man next to me walked out without eating because first his order got lost and never sent to the kitchen.
We wil certainly return.
Oh Man.
New Taco shops seem to be opening at a fast clip and America's stands out as one of the best.
- Its mostly men.
Perfect since the boy and I were down town during lunch the other day.
Sadly, however, I wasn't in France, but Texas.
This is about a 3.5 star mexican place to me.
It looks like some of my coworkers got the sausage sandwich and the steak sandwich and one person got a pasta dish and couldn't even eat a quarter of it because they gave so much.
Very good food.
I got the vegetarian...they got the carnivore (or ominvore or whatever they call it!).
Sunday I sat and looked at it for several hours.
Absolutely gross-  I'm just going to be bluntly honest- who the F cares what the food tastes like when the place looks like a frickin' dump?
As I said, this is a resort.
The sandwich was okay.
The lobster tail was good, buttery from the butter, but more importantly nice and sweet.
Don't get me wrong, the pasties are great, but there are a few reasons why this place isn't a four star restaurant:1) It's overpriced.
I think Matt's has had its '5 minutes of fame'.
They have a good selection of beer on draft and bottle.
We walked in and had our IDs checked and then stood around awkwardly...I'm not sure why this happened, but after a few minutes we were asked if we needed a table.
Far superior to the Char's Thai restaurant that used to be in the same location.
I had the Chicken Caprese sandwich which was quite tasty, but the burger my mom has was WAY better.
We decided that we'd be going back for future lunch dates whenever possible.
So cute and fluffy, and they had no fear of people.
Romantic, quaint, amazing!
Great little restaurant.
I ordered one of their fish dishes that came is a REALLY hot skillet, and I accidently burned my hand on the skillet.
Ok seriously I don't miss Arizona but I sure in the hell miss this place.
I HATE huge markets.
Faceplates for wiring gone.
I was quite appalled.
Sake is priced well, and the beers.
I sent it back for a chicken breast bone in, which was the driest chicken I have ever had.
The vanilla was okay, the cinnamon was dry and chalky and I really disliked it.
Man, I hated this school.
It is confusing and hard to order tickets.
It wasn't so bad really - but I tried both of the wine they were selling and I kinda hated them.
Tons of vegan options, too.
Try the shredded beef tacos in the hard shells.
My wife and I have stayed in many hotels both domestic and international.
Looks just like your standard Italian eatery.
It was basically all I knew till adulthood.
The food itself, was prepared well, I usually eat a lot of nigiri and the pieces are ok in amount of fish, the rice was packed well and the quality of the fish was good.
I stopped by here last night after the Suns game.
Perhaps it is my lack of familiarity with New Mexican cuisine, but I was not impressed.
They have some beers on hand as well.
Just had to thank them for their service.
The chocolate chips just melt in your hands!!
Thank you so much Stan's for the wonderful start to my day!
green beans - Not cooked nearly enough for my liking, forced down several fork-fulls then threw the rest away.
The downside?
Checked in with the Hostess and was told 55 Minute Wait.
As cozy as it was, I immediately felt like I just walked into that place 'where everybody knows your name'.
I got the traditional eggs benedict with home fries.
Pei Wei is a quick, fresh and inexpensive gift from heaven.
Our second experience here was much better.
Of course, you could put chevre on anything and I would like it.
They come and go before Yelp can ever get to them, leaving an endless strand of big box outlets and bastions of poor fashion sense.
Very reasonable for the good quality food you get.
There are enough solidly 4 and 5 star places in the vicinity that 3 stars doesn't generally make me a repeat customer.
Came here for brunch on Sunday and was so impressed that I can say I will make it a point to come back!
I can't say much about the food since I've only been here for happy hour, which was pretty decent.
I actually love the Waterfront Grill.
The folks are awesome and no matter how busy it is everything come out SUPER fast!
We had to wait to be seated.
The beers were OK.
They are always super friendly even if I sit in there for hours studying and only order one drink.
Don't know what is going on here, but each time we go, it seems that they are slowly going downhill.
Other worthy options: Arroz Con Pollo... It has baby peas in it and I really don't like peas... but I like them in this dish!
But I should have known better.
Usually sweet & sour sauce can make even mediocre egg rolls worth eating, but the S&S sauce on the buffet was a downright-scary Kool-Aid-red color.
Not sure.
This locale is always busy.....but the food.....customer service....and the overall ambience of the place really shines.
While every salad they have is a can't miss, I'll go there just to get the Chop Salad.
How I was missing  a review for a Short List restaurant that I recommend to ev-er-yyyyy one I meet who is new to Phoenix and even remotely cool!?
The place looks like a spanish style motel converted into a restaurant.
Man, if these guys hooked up with the dudes that run the beer section of Topps  Liquors it would be unstopable!
Bottom line - the food was good!
Easy to access.
Pretty nice for an airport bar.
Damn golf course.
Even if you don't need to get a prescription filled, it's worth a visit to check out the retro interior and grab and grab a vintage bottled pop and candy.
There was a good crowd too, so lot's of people have been dying for some nice Hue food.
So we have decided to look for another restaurant option for Korean food in our area.
Yes, in Phoenix, some bars can stay open until 4 am (gasp!).
dish, tender filet wrapped in yukon-gold potatoes (how comforting is THAT?).
Our server, Alexis, was very attentive, friendly, fast, and really knew the menu (or at least was good at selling every dish with a very thorough description about the technique and flavors used to create it).
I saw the Nutcracker most recently and GOODNESS, they all had impressive resumes.
All up, middle of the road as far as I'm concerned, although the wife quite liked it.
Unless of course it was the longest two hours of your life and you could hear people in the cabin praying for their lives.
I like perusing Buffalo Exchange, but, whenever I bring some clothes in for store credit, I end up disappointed.
Biggest disappointment was that that there was no wetbar.
All in all, the salsa was the best part of the meal.
Jon, Tess, Charlie, Erin, Kathleen and whole gang are the best!!!
I tried the chicken salad for dinner and it was tasty and just then right size.
It's a great place for lunch, the ambiance is nice especially if you're sitting on the patio.
I told the server about it and I asked to just get 2 eggs over easy instead of remaking the dish as the kid in the table was getting grumpy.
SECOND MISINFORMATION.
I had their breakfast protein shake, which was AWESOME!
The service was good and the location is nice (right next to the free parking too!)
I've noticed, what I feel to be, a rather slide in the quality in the food.
I learned that everything is homemade -- from the meatballs to the chicken salad.
"Yeah, you know, you're getting the broadcast from the Fox affiliate in NY or Boston?"
wow.
It's the best and it's always packed.
He proceed to swear in Spanish..as his girlfriend laughs at him.
I just tend to believe some things are meant to have milk and eggs in them...oh, and DO NOT get between me and a good steak, you may lose a hand!
Either way, be sure to grab a container of 'fry sauce' (I am guessing this is some blend of ketchup and mayo).
Maybe we just ordered the wrong pizzas?
the urban was made for me.
It's like GOD'S VERY OWN HOT POCKET.
Years ago when I lived in Berkeley, California, this was THE place to buy camp gear and outdoors stuff.
Quiessence automatically adds an 18% gratuity, which is OK assuming the service is at least adequate.
Thankfully all of their other locations are to far out of the way to bother detouring to again.
Add a couple of extra homemade tortillas to it?
Went yesterday (third time) for a little of the old in and out, or in some circles known as a spot of coffee.
Saguaros everywhere.
My favorite is the greek salad w/gryo meat, the dressing is awesome!
I ordered a spinach and apple salad with chicken.
We started out with the homemade chips and onion dip and it was delicious.
I went with a Reuben Sandwich Plate, which included a cup of Cole Slaw & a cup of Beefy Cabbage Soup.
Definitely go carne asada and defintely try this place.
I will return
One night we had called after they had closed, and were pleasantly surprised when someone answered.
I also ordered a side of chips.
Exactly what a hole in the wall Pho place should be like!
On 4th of July weekend the girls and I got a room at the Valley Ho and ventured over to Vic's for some much need food around happy hour time.
This club has great bands.
Prices are reasonable and the food quality and quantity is probably the best bang for the $ you'll get in a place like this, anywhere I've been - and I travel a lot.
The service with the Caesar salad presentation began to falter.
however, there is no place like Fat Tuesday!
Self-checkout with a weight sensor to keep you honest.
Us consumers pay dearly for our health insurance.
One I found says:       "Pam, This is my number 1 all time favorite book.
Cheese is good quality.
So not only is the food good but it's very fairly priced as well.
Well the view is obvious.
which I give her total kudos for.
We went later in the evening and the place was really dead.
It was nowhere near as good as either restaurant.
The patio is particularly nice when the weather permits.
Holy MOLY what do they put in those things?
Maybe that explains it.
You literally cannot walk 10 steps without tasty, delicious stadium food beckoning your fat ass to indulge; polish dogs, ice cream, 24 oz.
I went with the caprese option.
Pick up some wine on your way out!
Now my friend has been there when it was jam-packed and she said the service then was much quicker.
The steak was ok, unique yes.
It's funny reading some of the complaints!
For cheese, it gets Pepper Jack (of several good choices), then a little lettuce, lots of tomato, some onion, Greek Pepper slices, & a squirt of Ranch Dressing.
But, said he would try something else next time.
This is sad because the new location is within walking distance of my humble abode.
Sauce was OK (not fab.),
55 year anniversary --- second whopper 55 cents!
Give her a try!
I will be very brief.......the food is fantastic,!!!!!
She used all proper techniques and overall it was a very relaxing and wonderful experience.
Charleen prepares dishes that pay the ultimate homage to the vegetable and the farmer with perfect seasoning, contrast, balance and temperatures.
We ate on the patio, which is directly on Central Avenue, and after the horrid smell of grease & exhaust pipes, I couldn't wait to flee the scene.
The server was very helpful in suggesting a champagne for me and red wine for husband.
The prices were ridiculous!
I've not stayed at this resort, but have been here twice; once for a wedding and the other for a Lunch & Learn event.
That said -- the fish and chips were great, as were (according to one of our party) the pork and beans.
I called at 2pm for a 4:15 taxi to arrive.
The entire place is quite small in a perfect intimate way.
I was in Nassau, Bahamas' airport, the signs pointed everywhere!
What a great surprise stumbling across this bank!
I don't believe they did the last time I'd been there.
The BF got the one biscuit and gravy breakfast and he said it was alright, not the best ever, but not bad.
The staff was friendly and so were the patrons.
Friendly staff and great Americanos!
That's good for three stars, I suppose.
So naturally, Stray Cats is usually a place I visit when meeting up with others who have suggested it.
let me tell you a story of how i ate here everyday for lunch for a week.
We said no but were seated in the bar area anyway.
Entrance was non-initutive to us for some reason, we walked in the kitchen.
While it's not a place that I'm dieing to try again, if someone suggests Mexican, and we're nearby, I'd recommend it.
x 2 ?
The hotel also has a botanical garden, herb garden, multiple lawns, and it contains different food services.
5.
The chile colorado is so good, it made me try to slap my mama.
They also came with cheese, but I don't like cheese on tacos.
It will soon be your go to feel good order.
Okay that is probably an understatement.
I want to go back and try a salad, and maybe pizza and sangria night (Tues & Wed) or, ooh, one of their stuffed burgers.
My sandwiches have always been dry and kind of bland tasting.
I must say the place was pretty hoppin' for an early week night.
I definitely recommend you come in, regardless if it's for their $20 deals on Mon/Tues or not.
the short rib tacos and the fish tacos are delicious and a bargain at 5 for 5 bucks.
It was a juicy combination of Maui pineapple, vodka and coconut rumMMMMM!
At these prices, this should go without saying, but plenty of chophouses still don't meet this criteria.
More waiting.
Yes, it is much pricier than your average pho joint, but I'd rather pay a bit extra for a nice, clean and slightly upscale atmosphere!
Not surprisingly, the place was packed but we were able to find a couch to sit on outside during our 1.5 hour wait for a table.
What is most important to you in your professional career?
The slow cooking made this dish superb.
Fried and covered in lettuce and green sauce.
I'll keep this one simple: great food and awesome atmosphere that's chill, not pretentious, but still super cool keeps me coming back to The Vig Uptown.
I am for out of town and came here to celebrate my Birthday and it was a blast.
The owner/chef was taking the orders and was super helpful and friendly.
We were in town on Business and Pleasure and had a chance to visit Aiello's with our Children, 10 and 7.
I'll be completely honest, service is always a mixed bag.
Okay, so I ordered a strongbow.
Okay so lets clear one thing up.. this place is a dump.
My boyfriends company has been doing business with this PostNet store for the last 4 years.
The employees are always helpful, and have become much better baggers than in years past. (
At my friends suggestion, I tried the butter burger deluxe, fried cheese curd and the.....I forgot what it was called, but the frozen custard - basically the equivalent of a DQ Blizzard.
We proceeded to order a couple appetizers, and a handful of rolls.
The boyfriend and I had a great experience and prompt service at all hours of the night.
Unfortunately, not even the Greek music could mask the hideous, loud tool of a diner that was sitting at the table in front of me.
Biscuits and gravy were excellent.
I'm going to miss them.
They let you buy up to 3 sessions.
They need to enforce the shirt and shoes required law here otherwise it will earn a lodgey reputation from me.
Both were delicious, filling, and had a nice aroma but nothing too overpowering.
I have had numerous irritating experiences at Jerry's.
Some people are poor, they don't have money to buy quality produce and overpay for organic.
He picks 2 unique dishes.
I now live in Chandler, AZ and the first time I visited a Buca here, I didn't have to wait any longer than 30 seconds.
Bell appears to have most of them?
I did not get to see how clean their pedi baths and chairs were but the front waiting and front desk area was filthy.
I'm on the constant hunt for good Chinese food in Phoenix.
Typically I give a place that falls in the middle of great and bad multiple chances.
Thanks to Lindsey and Yelp, I had the opportunity to go and the performance was just stunning.
I was hungry though, so it worked.
Ever since moving to the new premises, things have sucked.
I do appreciate the set up of this place and the quirky items I found.
Bottom line, if you live in Phoenix, like beer, and enjoy eating a good meal, then you should be shot if you don't like Four Peaks.
Highly recommend this both for the experience and the food itself.
Again, there are obviously (based on the other posters) people who are attracted to this type of personality...I am not one of them.
So excited to have another Royal back in my life!
This is my go-to pizza joint.
I have been to this place twice and I have had both extremes.
This is the only thing to warn you about it can take some time if you don't call ahead but its worth it!
That time I ordered the item that Guy tried on triple D and it was really good.
What's that?
Impeccable service and the freshest food.
On one hand the ham that they used was overcooked (ie.
It is the perfect ending to a great meal!
It's very amusing.
Their office locations and space is beautiful but if a say, a client shows up at a time other than their scheduled time, they will be told to leave.
It gets old pretty fast.
Food is super cheap and tasty.
The sides are really good, too.
The pad thai is reminescent of a take out of the "Panda Place", not bad but not special.
This was a dead-easy transaction.
We waited 10 minutes and got a great table outside.
I will love you forever.
Food is fast, fresh tasting and well seasoned.
Thank God I live almost across the street!
Great tire shop.
The ice cream chick was happy to give us some samples.
As I sat in the chair, the assistant brought over two big boxes full of dvd's and asked me what movie I would like to watch during the procedure...What??
She knew all the muscle structure and pressure points.
Prices are very affordable.
It was very good.
with places similar to this such as mabels and az88, i prob wouldnt go back to this place unless invited.
This place is so flavorful with fresh veggies and fresh herbs.
Ok, I have been coming to Wong's Place for a number of years now.
After being seated in the, rather blandish, outdoor patio area with mistifiers cooling away, I put in my order: a Chimi and an Arnold Palmer.
l like sitting out of the patio and relaxing.
The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the price.
I like going to a place where I can get in and get out.
Awesome country club.
The dcor was pretty cool with big pictures of Greece all over the walls and the classic Greek music piped in.
I was incredibly unhappy to find that they had about 6 pastas and they all sounded bland and/or too strange to order.
Horrible, uncaring staff to deal with.
Not bad I thought."
The wings are delicious also, especially the Cajun flavor!!!
She knew where the fish was caught, how the beef was raised, what certifications the turkey farm had achieved.
My trips are fewer now that I live out in East Hell (Queen Creek), but when I lived in Chandler @ Dobson & Warner, I visited much more often.
/rant off]The atmosphere at Vintage 95 is very close to my Ideal.
I don't think so.
Reasonably priced and of good quality, I was extremely full by the time I ate only half of my dinner.
Sure, I could front load my review with spicy adjectives, overinflated superlatives, some forced humor, and throw on an added star and hope for a ROTD (come on, don't pretend that you don't know the formula), but I am not selling my stars for a day on the big screen.
The flavors were a perfect, clear-heeled harmony.
So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days.
The food is delish; I always get a hankering for their beer battered fries.
Great for gifts as well!
Service was prompt, and they had my reservation.
I guess this use to be a chef driven restaurant, he created a name for the place.
Not that we all didn't enjoy their original house, this one just says, "I'm still awesome, I just stepped up a notch."
The bar is owned by the same people who own Overeasy in Phoenix.
Mango iced tea is good!
The sweet potato fries were excellent, fried just right and lightly seasoned with kosher salt.
Is it just me or does Pollack look like the Lion in the Wizard of Oz?
And then there's the Pazookie...
It's no fun to dry your hands using toilet paper.
We will be back.
The decor isn't fancy and it's hard to find from the street.
They were all stupidly good.
The eggs benedict themselves were not the best.
This company came back and told me that it would cost between $1800 & $2400 to retrieve my data.
No drive-thruNo waitersStaff very friendlyI WILL BE GOING BACK!!!!
It would be a hit!
In addition to the stir fry choices, they have a small sidebar of regular chinese buffet items.
I mix the hot in with the mild which works form me.
For the most part, Tempe Arts Festival does a great job of providing variety.
I tried to call here @ 6:53pm tonight and again...no one picks up the phone.
The employees were really helpful.
A huge perk is a dog park they have outside Terminal 4 to walk dogs before/after flying.
It just sort of looks cheap.
The bar area was packed.
the selection was impressive.
We had splurged for premium seats ($42 each) for the game, and were almost right behind home plate in the seats that had seat cushions and cup holders.
Mixed drinks are poured well, and not priced too crazy, relative to the entrees.
Truly enjoyed McGinnis' impeccable timing, as well.
The shrimp appetizer was different and very good and $18 for four shrimp.
Friendly staff.
When we first got here I felt disappointed until I realized the zoo is much larger than it first appears.
Try the bacon.
Super fun!!!
The menu is interesting and I'd come back to try more but here's what our first visit was like.
So the 99 Ranch Market brings back memories...some fond...some not quite so.
Some of their stuff can be a bit plain but more often then not, they have modest, cute, stylish, business casual clothes at an affordable price.
The sandwich was tasty -- the bread surprisingly excellent -- but greasy.
It can be a little hard to find, but it is in the breezeway between the two buildings, walk down through there and you will find it about halfway down.
Food?
Never saw the full Xrays done--plusCANT get a copy if you move or need it.
She is awesome and I love her recommendations.
But Dr. Ito and his staff changed that.
Once we were seated service was quick and pleasant.
Enjoy.
Something is forgotten or the wait is ridiculous just for the check to be picked up to be paid for or something.
I was surprised it was not as spicy as I expected but the flavor was excellent.
I was very sad to see this restaurant go.
The exhaust pipe must have ripped and burned the screen material as well.
Bummer.
The wonderful smell of chiminea burning along the paths add to a delightful get-a-way.
Love the Beach Club and the salt and vinegar chips.
Van in the drive through section is painted to look like an Ambulance.
Dr. Farnsworth is the Jam.
the hallways to the rooms were the only slightly blah decor, all other things such as the bedrooms, bathroom, lobby, restaurant and pools were great!
I love you Elmer.
Maybe this is a better place for pickup.
Ok that sounded weird.
that is exactly why I do when I am at this place.
I found this place based on Yelp reviews so I feel obligated to add one more 5 star review to the mix.
Clean premises, very friendly staff, excellent service, and breakfast for the group came out in due time.
Want Chinese take out in Tolleson come here.
Overall it's an alternative to the chains hoarding Scottsdale road.
While the advertisement on the window of the establishment says they have "The Best Curry in the Valley",   they will get no second chance to prove it to me.
Of the three different toppings (Balsamic and tomato, mushroom cheese, and mango salsa), my least favorite was the mango salsa since the mango in it, while fresh, wasn't totally ripe.
The only downside to this eatery is their lack of seating space during the lunch rush hour.
Having recently moved from the Bay Area, I had ignorantly thought that there wouldn't be any decent ethnic, especially asian ethnic, food.
The donuts were really good, but I wouldn't say they were any better than a Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme.
I have been here a couple times now, so I thought I should review it.
Replaced by some generic grill that offered us some nachos and quesadillas, thanks for that.
We went to our seat and after we pressed the service button, someone came within a few minutes.
I love the bread.
The waiter was extremely unprofessional, and even gave us this pitch about how he's only working there until he finds a new "gig".
The giant jenga didn't suck either.
The popcorn was a little bit burned and we both thought it could have used some salt, which was surprising since we thought the bacon fat would have provided that flavor.
We sat at the sushi bar and were entertained.
The main reason for the four stars is for their Angus Roast Beef Dip -- it is delicious!
First, we came during the lunch rush and it was busy.
You can get one of their "surfboard" pizzas which will feed 2 for 2-3 days with a couple of toppings with Daiya cheese for $15.99.
Sunday brunch is great too.
I'm a home brewer and am pretty discerning in my beer tastes.
Double-yuck.
Great time and the scene was fantastic.
Two odd things: a wide variety of Caribbean sodas are sold here, but no ice tea.
Probably they should be located in Paradise Valley instead of eastern Phoenix.
This is a one time adventure for me and I am glad we went but the fact that it was pretty much free is what made it appealing.
It is a fru-fru hang out joint that isn't pretentious.
Listen to the DJ's spinning popular music through their thumping sound system while you dine on your fine food.
Every game is on and they have three huge screens.
Our party of 4 opted for the super sampler to start and the Efes mix to share.
The pad Thai was excellent as were the vegetarian rolls.
We had the Northern Territory flatbread (pancetta, yukon gold potatoes, rosemary, crème fraîche and smoked gouda).
After managing a circuitous route to the top floor of a parking garage, we navigated a maze like structure of corridors to find the restaurant.
The tomato sauce had a very strong sage/thyme/oregano flavor that overrode the meager toppings.
What a complete and utter douche bag.
The doctor interrogated me and advised me to get my head examined.
They need to be on the floor more to make sure the cups stay filled up!
Thank you and great job - wish more people modeled your service-oriented organization!
If you're going to have mediocre food, you better have exceptional service.
All things considered, this is a good course to play and have fun at.
Well tonight the hubby and I took our first dance lesson and what a hoot!
The coffees are great- I calorie splurged and had a Spanish Latte on my last visit.
I'm glad a bookstore like Bookmans is around and that they are able to compete with the big chains.
So I've been at Solo Cafe for about 2 and a half hours now writing a paper and so far so good!
There are certain people in your life that you should have & trust.
We waited maybe 30 minutes before we were seated.
The food?
And, she is so sweet and caring.
Like ninja light speed fast.
It is quite the drive from Phoenix, but portions are large and service is always prompt and friendly.
But service sucks.
The selection at this store is fantastic!
Both of the times I ordered it I ended up with long black hairs in it (which they quickly replaced with a new order) but I just wasn't a fan.
The dining room is pretty well decorated, more so than I thought it would be, giving a faux Hawaiian feel to it.
What are you all talking about?!
With that said, however, the lobby and grounds are absolutely phenomenal.
Skip the ice when it is in the 40's outside.
Aside from the practical, in the land of Fox Restaurants (True aside) and the big box store at the strip mall, there really appears to be little demand for a small, local restaurant on a farm.
the GIRL claims she asked mom if she wanted gel nails -- she's 91, did not understand the gal's "english" and can't hear, so i presume she nodded.
Our server told us that the broth stews for at least 12 hours allowing it to achieve the best flavor from the pho spices!
Just a note: Not all Filibertos are the same.
i think yupha's is going to be my work lunch thai place :).
As I stated earlier, coconut is not my thing but I believe in giving things a fair try, so I did.
I strongly recommend the Mu Shu Pork!!
I will save my time and go elsewhere.
Moved on the the "smart" chicken.
Great prices, great dishes, unique/fun atmosphere, and great service!!!
If you are looking for Spanish food - there is none here.
the AC buzzed  off and on all night and we didn't have the bathrobes that were advertized online.
Needless to say, I'd have no problem going back but I probably wouldn't seek it out.
Then we split the Schreiners Sicilian Sausage pizza.
Compared to DMV service in California, Arizona DMV is HEAVEN!!!
as I was about to pass by again.
Too.
The chips 'n salsa kicks ass!
Singapore Noodles - Great!
And my constant companion, my 9 year old daughter born in Philly and a fan of hoagies, loves their turkey subs.
I look forward to coming back and trying more of their extensive menu, especially for happy hour.
Hopefully, next time I can grace Phoenix with my presence for a little while longer.
Weeks before an appointment I start having nightmares.
They are truly exceptional, but that is the end result of really caring, really liking your profession and really knowing what you are doing... And we love them for it!
My gosh is this the dish to come to the Tuck Shop for.
The service was very warm and friendly, literally like a family welcoming me into their home.
NOCA must have gotten their hands on this relic.
3)I am a sympathetic person to servers, as I have been one.
That's not a review, it's a drive-by, and reviewers like this are probably happier with Hometown Buffet or Luby's Cafeteria.
It took forever to get a beer and a sake here.
Treat yourself.
Also check then out on twitter.
I also heard raves about the green pork chili.
If you are feeling thrifty stick to Savers or Goodwill, and treat Buffalo Exchange as a regular shopping experience.
Hidden within the Optima, Nourish is a health food fan's paradise.
The vegetarian plate was massive and everything on the plate was delicious.
He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention.
We were very disappointed in the lack of service, timing of food, and food.
Nice spicy hunks of sausage in almost every biteAvoid the wings though!
If you're into smoke that reeks all over...this is the casino for you.
I know it wasn't)If you don't like sweet sauce, then order something else as their was nothing else remotely wrong with the rest of my dinner.
Always quick and effiiant.
Great breakfast!
Very slow service.
There is a lot of pool tables, so I would say that if you did have to wait, you wouldn't have to wait long.
Or the attitude from the morons who work there.
Stopped in Sunday for lunch after a high recommendation from a friend of mine in San Diego.
We left with a fair amount of food.
Cordial staff.
Who does that?
There were 3 adults and 1 child in our party.
It's that good.
You don't come for the run-of-the-mill pizza.
They don't have that "just unfrozen" taste that many restaurants have.
We like the decor and lots of parking in the lot.
Great facial great customer serviceOne Love Boutique Spa consists of the waiting room/reception area and the services room.
I had a decent chicken fajita, and my friend loved her steak fajitas.
She didn't seem very happy with us and did not offer an apology for the cold pie.
My good buddy Paul talked me into coming to this place.
Hsb loved the peanut sauce.
I called them up like wtf, and they were SO rude said too bad pay it or your credit score will hurt, we even gave a fowarding address and we NEVER got a letter in the mail about any damages.
There were books I found that were brand new and had no markings or tears, and they were still at half-price!
The service is good, nothing special - but what is with the waitresses wearing flip flops?
We stopped in for a snack between lunch and dinner and luckily caught some great HH specials!
However, what I remember is a peachy-vanilla-martini which definitely got me a little tipsy, even before I finished it!
6.
It was empty, and the lines were short.
The help is friendly and helpful.
All of the servers were extremely nice and helpful.
For dinner we order a Pulled-Pork sandwich with sides, a large BBQ Huli platter and some Texas steak tips grande nachos.
Bacon is cooked to perfection.
Someone will say "Applebee's at Central and Camelback".
In my opinion, a little better than that.
I went out last night in search of a restaurant with good soup, but instead decided to try Texas Roadhouse.
I enjoy the soaps.
Instead, the server brought them to our table and then asked if we wanted the olives.
They were friendly, on top of things (including when I lost my cell phone), and didn't really blink an eye at the crazy antics of the adult webmasters.
Great atmosphere for a quick lunch or a large party for dinner.
I took my dog there after bouncing around trying to find the right groomer for him.
It was definitely good and the pita bread that it came with was nice and warm.
Fingers crossed, I'll still feel this same way after I deliver this baby!
They had shredded beef, lettuce, cheese, tomatoes and salsa.
The manager came by after to ask how everything was.
I went with my friend Amy who was visiting from New York.
The OCD worker with shadow you and serve you a sample with a glaring stare.
There were two guys, one seemed to know what he was doing, the other I had less confidence in.
I think this is the next frontier for marketing gurus; a potential fortune could be made here.
Never been dissapointed, nor have any of my co workers.
My favorite is the Tart Vanilla.
Everything that you eventually place in your mouth is out in the open and also in the way it is prepared - from the raw, to the stove, to the plate.
You can actually understand everyone one that works here and shouldn't find yourself sitting and wondering "what in the hell are they saying about me now?"
They ofter a 12 oz.
I noticed some wine bottles in the back when I was picking up my food so that may entice me to dine-in at some point as well.
I grew up eating their shredded beef burritos at the Scottsdale and Shea location which has since closed.
I initially went in for two new tires, but ended up getting four new tires since all tires were the original ones from when I bought the car.
My husband and I lucked into one of the best dining experiences in a long time on a recent business trip to AZ.
The meat comes in a wafer-thin patty, and doesn't really taste like anything, just like at Wendy's.
As my roomies put it:"Finally a Thai place in Mesa that I actually like."
Who would have thought that a building initially designed to provide fuel to cars would so work so well serving fuel to humans?
The waitress was good about keeping my water glass full...and in Phoenix, that is important!
Almost every visit, I've always gotten either the Broiled Chicken Salad or the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap.
The 3 stars is for the market, my food would have been 1.
Great ambiance.
Oh yeah, I will out swim grandma next time!)
This place is amazing.
Had something else, but can't recall which, and the current menu online reflects a few changes.
After 45 minutes I asked what was wrong with our order especially cause there was only three other customers in there the employee went ahead and told me they threw my wings away cause the other ones were too small.
I was super excited to try it, and it delivered.
(There were people who were more dressed up, but there was definitely those who weren't.)
The only thing keeping them from 5 stars is their unwillingness to enforce rules with parents who bring kids and think everybody else wants to enjoy watching them run around the place like its a playground, its NOT - keep your kids at the table or at home.
The main reason I come here is the candles.
My absolute favorites are the Sweet Onion Salmon, Salmon Carpaccio and Shishito Peppers.
Otherwise, order online and steer clear of this establishment when possible.
I dunno about you but I like to see some actual BEANS in my beans!
On weekends make sure to come early- this place gets packed out!
My favorites are Tuscany, Ginger Peach, Green Passion Tea, White Ambrosia Tea as far as I have tried :) Everytime I opened a tea bag, I have to take a good deep inhale from a tea bag.
The carnitas and the fish taco's are very well prepared.
My kids love the play area and it's a lot cleaner than any other fast food play area for sure.
Good service, great food, fun atmosphere.
Angela, the Nurse practitioner, was great.
It was a good ride Jimmy Johns, but you have no locations close to my newly purchased home.
I have been to a few vegan-only-menu restaurants and I was... underwhelmed.
50% maybe, but $19 for a five-piece lobster roll?
During a night out on the town with visiting and local friends, we opted to give this place a try.
I didn't go with salmon, but I got a honey wheat bagel with veggie lite cream cheese.
germaine, and beer) was sweet, but tasty (love cocktails with carbonation).
We started the hike at 6 in the morning, and got to watch the sunrise while we made our way up the trail.
It's amazing how many dishes they have
They meet the B-Stew standard for a fine dining steakhouse.
Their sauce is really tasty- tastes fresh and not too sweet.
Everyone will say hello to you when you walk in the door.
And yes, it is very creepy- and that is coming from a 24 year old male.
I love this place.
She is always taking to what seems to be her friends at the bar.
I love this place, I want to go to Arizona just to eat here!
Blanc from New Zealand.
Tried Ling & Louies for the first time, different than the traditional for sure.
Ken went up to the counter and gave one of my Valley Vittles cards to the "parasite" staff member, saying that the food was great but the service terrible.
Clean store.
Well decorated, clean, good lighting, ample seating.
It's not cute when your little monster is running up and down the aisles with his honey bun squeezing out between his fingers.
I was quite impressed very charming and kinda romantic to have a nice lunch , The service was friendly and attentive the lunch specials were good too !
They have a lot of fun, new rolls that are unique to Bamboo Grille.
You begin with an immaculate salad bar.
I so wanted to love this place.
I ordered the Vampiro because it sounded good, had guac, carne asada, and was portrayed as a quesadilla type meal.
No upcharges for any subs or even brown rice...At lunch, hardly a seat is available.
I can't recommend this place enough!
i never do these reviews but i feel obligated to save someone the time and money and self respect by writing this review!
Very much a disappointment.
At that point, I would say it's not worth it.
Can't wait to go back and try other dishes - definitely made it to my 'Restaurants to Frequent' list :)
And despite that fact that "across the street" charges 60 cents for spicy carrots now, the prices are low.
All in the the service was good, the food was good and the company was awesome.
I also thought it was cool to be able to see into the kitchen but that might only be appealing to me.
Their rindsroulade was very good, and the red cabbage and spaetzle were excellent.
Not only do I have this Jewish thing going on but I'm also Irish....I've never met a potato dish I didn't like.
The staff is very cute and helpful.
The drinks I had were great: Aloe Arizona, The Kingston Rum Punch and Piña Colada ReduxI had a dish with red snapper and vegetables; which was excellent.
Fez is one of those locations where I've never gotten anything but terrific service and a great meal.
The brown bag chicken sandwich had a lot of flavor and the mac and cheese is done really well, just the amount of flavor and creaminess.
It's something like Hotel Tempe/ Airport Inn-- InnSuites... with the word Boutique thrown in there somewhere.
The flights are FANTASTIC!
Outer compound Walls are not high enough to actually prevent/make it difficult for an intruder.
Let the kids eat the sandwiches, and then head to the dining room for a couple of filets.
The girly girl in me says, "not worth the calories!"
NOT a place I would recommend for children; tables are somewhat close together and it has a relaxing feel.
Anyway, ordered chicken sandwich with cashews and mandarin orange, delish.
Seriously, how does a smell get so horrendous like that?
Now this place is overpriced at about $10 for 2 slices and a drink.
Ahhhhh...my feet are so happy right now!
I'm not a desert guy so I won't attach stars to them but yum yum.
Sorry, try again.
I went to this place with my wife because it was new and we're always looking for new places to eat.
The only reasons I'm giving 4 stars are two-fold:The shrimp cocktail was overpriced - $18 for 5 shrimp?
The only down side - although the service was generally good, it gets so busy that at times the server may get distracted and may not come back to you as timely or often as you may like.
We like to create our own sushi dishes and the chef is always ready and willing!
I used to take my dog to Canine Preferred but the ladies at the front dest were flakey, so I thought I'd try a new place and I am SO glad I did.
(Disclaimer: Said writer of review graduated high school with a 3.98 G.P.A  and attended a well accredited college of her choice, where you went on to graduate with honors, having made the Dean's and President's Honor roll more than once.
Well appointed.
So that alone got a little happy dance from me.
green tea mochi) and great quality fruit.
Service has been outstanding each time that I have been.
all 3 times we were over charged....  either the menu's were out of date, or we were "past happy hour time" (BS)... oh and the other excuse... we just changed our menu.
I guess they're not as allergic to accepting our money as they led us to believe.
They quickly said it was open seating and got back to their converstaion.
It's located in a great little shopping and dining area that wasn't too crowed last night, but I think that was more due to the weather, than the actual popularity of the place.
I had a good time...but I tend to make the best of things.
After all, we all know all the ingredients are pre-made, and just needed to be assembled and heated..  Whew...I felt...that was exhausting!
Shortly after I wrote my 3 star review, Christopher contacted me.
Mmmm.
How about a little more choices for us who prefer tofu over dead animal?
I respect restaurants that have a plethora of vegetarian options.
Good service -- even overattentive on my last visit.
Pretty solid but not what it used to be.
Chase nails this aspect solidly.
This is absurd.
Still nothing.
6$ bucks gets you no dry, and 7$ gets you a mediocre wash, that will make you say "did I get my car washed at all?"
It was chic and dimly lit with candlelight, but there were televisions throughout broadcasting football games.
We sat out on the patio and watched all the folks across the walkway start to congregate outside Pizzeria Bianco in the rain.
Boy, they are pretty sad.
Again though our service was sub par.
If you don't, stay up the road, nobody will miss you at Rogue.
Overall, it's a fun, if somewhat tired, staple of the gay nightlife in Phoenix.
Took my daughter to Mendy's Place 4 times.
The proprietor was arragont, unflexible and unethical when I held my friend's bachelorette party at The Duce.
The staff were incredibly nice.
Always clean and fresh with friendly staff.
He had key lime and chocolate chip out to sample and I decided to try the key lime.
But the service ALWAYS sucks.
LunchThe lunch was just as good as the dinner.
Also, they have a great breakfast.
I was really tired of driving into Scottsdale to get my hair cut.
This was music to my ears when they told me they had them.
I'm currently craving it the day after.
i had JUST gone to Checker to replace my left front blinker light and went through some extensive light checking and so found this news odd.
That is pretty telling.
It's like being a Target girl but recognizing the value and prices of Walmart... so I don't make a point to shop here (vs LeeLee's with greater intl variety), but when I am in the area... I frantically think of what is low in the pantry so supplies can be restocked at a minor savings.
Food wise, this is my favorite Lenny's location.
Stewed steak, grilled steak or fried steak.
Also, beware: the Wedge Salad is just iceburg lettuce and Blue Cheese dressing, NO BACON!!
The gals are friendly, they answer my questions tirelessly.
It's $49 a month and you get four visits a month.
Food would have been so disappointed with her.
Well let me go take the order of that big table back there and I'll be back to take yours' (real quote) WHAT?
Plus, Smeeks has a lot of really cool, and delicious candy.
It came out in a high-ball-sized glass.
I have been going to Salon Mila for 12 years.
so we sat in the bar.
Also, they have great ice tea.
There is a Leinenkugel beer stand on the east side of the first floor heading toward Fatburger!
Overall we enjoyed the food but just not impressed with speed and service.
But if you're looking for something weird enough even Sprouts doesn't carry it, chances are Whole Food not only has it but has an employee who can tell you all about it.
They sprawl out on the ground, weaving and turning every which way, or compose huge bizarre formations high off the ground.
everything, everyone has posted about this company is true!
I was feeling very open minded and wanted to experience as much as I could that TQLA had to offer so we ordered the salsa trio and chicken tortilla soup.
Then flash forward to the next day and if you're heating up second lunch (I like to eat) in the office micro and employees comment on the delicious smells, yeah you're doing a-ok!
I was looking for a reco for a 'significant' [eh hem] birthday dinner and foodie friend Jim suggested Mission because of Matt Carter.
I wasn't the biggest fan of our appetizer but after tasting my dinner, I decided I liked the dip a lot more and finished it off.
Gross.
The  cheese enchiladas with their white jalapeño sauce were a little bit small, but very good.
This place is still open, but the name has been changed to Juba, and it is under new ownership.
Loved it.
Whitey's took it back, spent ALL WEEKEND on it doing various minor things.
The Mexican Pasty was definitely the better of the two but I'd order both of them again any day.
Service was great but they put a bottle of San Pelligrino and poured it before asking us, now I would normally buy it because I like it and for $8 it is a nice add on, but they should ask first.
Yep, a solid four-stars.
Will continue to come back here!
New Owners cleaned up the place and its called JESTERS BILLIARDS.
Had a fabulous time here with my husband celebrating my birthday last weekend.
What else is neat - their happy hour on Wednesday (I am not sure what day exactly to be honest.
No mixes, the dark chocolate cupcakes are the perfect combo of dark, bitter, and sweet.
Be warned!
The chicken and beef shawarma have a special, authentic taste because of the fresh bread.
The chicken was overcooked and the omelette and my hash browns were terribly greasy.
The second time here, I had the steak tacos and the husband had the steak dinner.
if you're a wino like me, you'll love this place.
We'll grill chicken and burgers in the back yard, put the booze in the blender, light the Tiki torches, invite 20 or 30 people over and jam to Jimmy.
We reserved for six, but it's based on a first come, first served basis.
The decor is simple since it is a fast food joint.
The BBQ pork with fresh spicy mustard is A-Mazing!!
btw the valet is $3.
the service is laid back (in a good way).
I chose this location because I was in Phoenix in-between activities, and didn't want to drive back to Gilbert.
The equipment is color coded to the muscle they work and that is awesome!
There isnt much room to sit and it isn't fancy but if you want good food this is the place to go.
It's like, half bar then turns into half table.
Normally I ask for the slices well done, and I'd recommend you do the same if you like that extra bit of crispiness like me.
I have been going there for years and thought they have done a good job.
my 4 year old daughter even gets the gratuitus tea party charge and she only drinks water.
I'm definitely glad they put this in.
(It's rare a Texan has a short story.).
It is so far from most home development and completly in the wrong direction to support any kind of "Green" living and combining activities as most people do when they visit a public institution such as finding a place to eat lunch, a store to check out, or to mail a letter.
Cafe Monarch is more than a restaurant - it's an experience.
An average markup is about double, it was triple or more here.
I've done the Shabu Fondue more times than I can count!
http://www.facebook.com/thegrindarcadia
There are a lot of trendy and fun places to dine in the Scottsdale area and this one seems to be like the "Grandfather of Scottsdale Dining" - older and almost antiquated.
Corn bread was over cooked under salted.
Dessert: I confess that I read the dessert menu first before making dinner decisions, and while other reviews loved the selections ...I wasn't blown away.
Black board specials, just because they look cool.
Well, Yelpers, I've been searching in this haystack for three months too long, and each time I leave thinking, "They really don't listen to what I requested and I wasted money."
I have gone to at least 20 barber shops in the Phoenix, Mesa, and Tempe area.
hers was so good!
They have multiple things going on all times of the year, from guided bird watching to night-time observatory star gazing.
Well tough shit.
Our favorite things to get are the "boneless buffalo wings" and something that another customer shared with me while waiting in line that is not on the menu "the Wendy's pickle sandwich" It is amazing!
I was expecting Stouffer's with pickled jalapenos stirred in, but it was far from that.
It's at the two locations I shop at most.
:-D  See ya there!
We all ordered the hawaiian ribeye, OMG!!
Be sure to have your food and drinks served there.
They always have at least two or more samples of their 'tea of the day' which are both hot and cold.
The set up for finding a v\ball was far nicer than any other alley I have been to!
Goodbye, Casino Arizona.
Yes, the place looks as divey as any food dive gets, yes the place isn't as clean as it probably can be, but hey, all the best pho I've  had (Da Vang, Khai Hoan, Pho Thanh) has been from some of the diviest pho spots in town.
I don't know if that is good for pants a lot but her pricing scale seems way off!
Vegas was tempting, but the drive eats up time I just don't have, and I don't gamble.
My boss (who is into healthy eating) recommended this place.
Instead, they're covered in an interesting creamy ancho sauce.
Dear Weather & Coffee,I'm really sorry you had to close.
When I worked in that area we would hit it for lunch once a week.
Excellent cheap Mexican food that tastes as good as any Mexican restaurant.
No sugar, which I assumed was standard fare for Mojiots, and amount of mint was rather low.
HMMMMMM!
The sauces were good, but definitely did not blow your socks off.
It is a rare find to get awesome food, a comfortable environment and excellent service at a reasonable price all rolled into one.
category.
Don't make excuses about trying to spend less money or that you are being careful about what you're eating, just try it.
That's right, super.
O_o)
The lemon and Raspberry sorbet swirl in a  graham cracker crust and my Holiday Favorite - Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream in a graham cracker crust!
Try the brie quesadillas and the Sanctuary lemonade.
There's no better way to find out about a new eatery than to receive a gift card to one you've never been to (or heard of, for that matter).
The chefs couldn't even see their hands.
What do you think?
Can be a bit pricey is you load up but the quality of the food is top notch!
A large kiva-style fireplace warms the alfresco section, and waterfalls surround it.
The drinks are fine, I've never eaten there.
Service is so-so and the manager does not seem to care about her customers.
we also paid 8 bucks for two tins of lettuce with either bland dressing on one or little to no dressing on the other and maybe a few shavings of cheese.
Yuck.
She hopped in back and I rode shot gun, leaving my seat-belt off and the door unlocked, in case of a speedy getaway.
Although they serve the full menu there, the lounge is actually in its own room and usually pretty empty, so it would detract from the whole experience.
Prepped and painted fingernails from the chair- in 20 minutes.
The place started getting busy about 3 minutes after we sat down and I discovered the concept works quite well.
Spartan, but slightly upscale, this restaurant ALWAYS seems to have a wait.
Older restrant but very good food
My wife and I found Four Peaks by chance.
Well look at that.
Forget the pretzel, it's a essentially a utensil to enjoy their amazing sauces.
This arena is super nice, almost mall-like and clean on the inside.
This place has a lounge area with a good sized bar and couch area.
2.
I am rarely down this way, especially since I've moved, but I still fantasize about digging in to this deliciousness!
Surprisingly authentic Sichuan cuisine in Phoenix.
Good food.
Doesn't get any better than that!!
Who runs out of cream cheese by 10am on a Saturday?
He stopped and replied that the day was starting off slow, but that it would be busy soon enough.
They also served us a little savory doughnut, about the size of a dollar coin, that was oh-so-good as well as little cranberry "shooters" that had little teenie squares of jello (not really jello, of course, but a fruit gel of some sort).
The counter person was great in explaining the different options on the menu which is a mix of Mexican food and Chinese food.
It is crazy, but it sure does.
Thanks For the Yelp!
After an hour had passed and no one had come to address the situation with our group, I approached the hostess and she was very apologetic and offered to comp our bar tab, which was incredibly nice.
I hear they have made improvements since I graduated, and I hope so.
I freakin' love their wheat bread with the little specks of... I don't know what it is but it's very good.
Check it out.
I go often enough, great happy hour.
Great jukebox, obscure, forgotten movies playing on the telly, bartenders that are nice to look at (male and female), have personality and actually remember your name (and drink).
The food is amazing.
My girlfriend and I made reservations for Friday night expecting Bernie Kantak's new restaurant to be packed.
We love 5th and Wine and recommend it to anyone that asks, the appetizers and wine specials for Happy Hour are some of the best in town.
So we're waiting outside when the server comes out hands us menus, takes our orders.
Stopped in here for lunch today joined by Mike C. & Robyn N.  This was my third visit ever to a CB & the first time to this one.
My dog is with me always, so I wont need the boarding services, but will definitely make this my new pet vet!
Queso dip: coldHabanero dip: sweet with a swift kick afterwards: not badGuacamole: good: but was gone after 2 bites.
I like this quaint little restaurant although the space is a bit crowded - especially during peak times.
The fish was a little overcooked but still tasted pretty good.
Maybe I'm turning into an old lady who loves silly stuff like that.
If I could give this 2.5 stars, I would.
The food was just okay, kind of bland and a bit overpriced.
Don't be afraid to get up and refill your own water.
I think that is a horrible practice that needs to be changed.
So pretty much 2 stars for the food and 1 for the atmosphere, service and cleanliness.
I had the Chicken, wild mushroom and leeks crepe..was that ever heavenly!
It also contains some sort of hallucinogen that will make you think you're in Jamaica for a short period of time.
The atmosphere is great and this place really packs it in on game nights like Monday Night Football.
I was impressed with the portions and the quality.
Their service staff are authentic and sweet.
Scotch is never reasonably priced in restaurants, but I was celebrating so I didn't care.)
Electing to do this takes me longer to get through security, but I prefer it and plan ahead.
Yes, a large amount of the menu has feta, so if you don't like it, you may want to rethink coming here.
It covers the systems of the human body and even has a stomach you can walk through and a giant nose that blows out objects.
there were a whopping 2 tables to sit at inside, and thats kind of a problem.
We'll be in to support them when we can.
If you can avoid the vintage smell you're golden.
They adjusted it, but then mysteriously placed an additional unauthorized charge of $13.94 on my credit card.
Churn is pretty damn adorable & local, so they get extra love for that.
I can't honestly even tell you what they are used for.
I have some issues with this place, but you can't avoid BRU when you are having a baby.
I always choose the lemon grass flavor, but I'm sure the coconut one is equally delectable.
They even gave me a proper demo on how to use it properly with my brush.
You can also get 2 large fish tacos for 6 bucks.
It really fills you up fast though, so try to pace yourself!
This Arizona location is similar, but different.
For me though, it's all about the Cortadito (espresso drink) and the pastries.
The spring rolls were very tasty and came with a terrific peanut sauce.
This is not the type of place where you would stop in for a meal before a show or event; when you come here, this should be your only destination for the night and it is such a great experience that it will be enough!
But I will definitely stick to the pizza.
My favorite bruschetta are:-smoked prosciutto, fig, mascarpone, truffle oil-roasted chicken, sundried tomatoes, goat cheese-pulled pork, housemade pesto, roasted red pepper-mozz, basil, roma tomato, qc olive oil & balsamic
Nope.
The appetizer- soft pretsels with cheese..OH EM GEE!!!!!!!!
Greeted and seated immediately in a nice booth.
Food is top notch and within a good price range for a weekend breakfast.
Coworker #2 is a fellow foodie and had the shrimp tacos.
Desert Ridge probably isn't going anywhere.
3) Very tough holes #9 and #18.
Yes, sometimes I want to spend $400 a bottle, but not all that often.
I was in and out in like 7.46 minutes.
The bobas were soft and a good texture.
The restaurant has a great interior and patio with a huge wall glass garage door that opens up to connect the interior to the exterior when the weather is nice.
...No i'm not an only child... well, maybe I was until i was 11, how did you know.
Everyone was friendly, efficient, well organized.
My friend is happy as a customer.
In addition there are is a good number of health conscious offerings and even those less healthy dishes can be requested to be made with egg whites or egg beaters, and non-starch substitutes (cottage cheese, fruit, and tomatoes.
If you can sit out on the patio, so much the better.
Easily the biggest pig I've ever seen.
Everyone was extraordinarily nice and helpful.
then to top it off we received $25 gift cards for dinner.
Tim got the rotassarie chicken with grilled corn and hand cut french fries (I think under $10).
So, disappointed, we took the food when it finally came and brought it home and ordered something up on Amazon.
If anyone is on Twitter, follow #buzzcation.
So following the previously reviewed experience I received a phone call from the Dr. who was very intent on making the situation right.
SERVICE: The place seemed a little understaffed at times.
It didn't used to be like that.
So I stopped in and sat at the bar.
He even got me into my own car once.
I must note- that I am not a fan of Sprinkles; as I think they are overly dry and waayy too hyped.
The cheddar cheese in my burrito was moldy.
It gets a little noisy if they're makin shakes in there, and the seating is pretty limited.
Just know that you may have to wait a while for a table if you go on a weekend.
The vibe was very chill and the drinks were great.
The beer/food stands outside of the actual buildings only had slatted roofs, so no sun protection at all, and no misters.
Both were heaping samples, almost a full cup.
I usually just get the chicken or beef shawarma, but I decided I'd get a kabob plate one day because I also wanted hummus.
I was introduced to the restaurant's best items during happy hour when it was less expensive to be adventurous.
i trusted him immediately, which, when dealing with diamonds, is of paramount importance to me.
Overall, good food, good service, okay prices.
You need a group of people, I hate coming here when its just mean and three others.
Because even in 1998 I was a food bitch.]
This looks like a fun place to hang out.
This is quite literally the best burger I have ever eaten.
Really nice jumping point for a good night in Phoenix.
I've been sick of all the Scottsdale staples like Myst, Axis, SIX, PCL, etc.... so I thought I would give Cream a try and I ended up liking the place a lot.
Update - 8/31 - Had to downgrade to 4 stars after my most recent visit.
This service is efficient and the food tastes so very fresh.
What I got a a 3/4 in thick piece of meat that was mostly fat, gristle, and in no way resembled Pittsburgh Style.
It came in a brown bag..I guess thats how they serve it regardless if you eat in or not.
No preservatives or high fructose corn syrup.
They have tables along one side and a bar with tall stools along the other side... you can watch them make your food.... its like the food network... but live and you can smell it :) my coworker and i sat right in front of the oven... every time they would open the oven i would only get hungrier!! :)
I mean really great and enough as a meal for two.
I loved all the ingredients mixed in together, especially the corn nuts.
It's made with Stevia NOT sugar...I'm sorry, but I have to say that this is the lame-est root beer on the planet.
And by the time we're out of there, it costs no more than eating in the food court but the experience and quality of the food are miles beyond.
Escalators, stairs, etc.
$12 for the garage, $10 in lots around, and its not any cheaper the farther away you get.
Staff is super friendly- our server forgot to deliver apps we ordered and made it right by providing free apps (equal value) for our next visit.
It's cute.
It is a great studio.
I do however like the word spatzle.
I found out about Whitey's Auto through twitter.
I decided to order the smashfries which are seasoned with garlic and rosemary.
Good food, clean, with a friendly helpful staff.
The Music there is great!
The aroma and sensations from the exotic product.
Somethings in the store can be pricey, but you can also find good deals as well.
The red onion rings were delish however.
Also they apparantly have no AC it was VERY warm inside even on a slightly chilly day in Nov so we sat outside the inside was so hot and stuffy.
The new location is big, open, and a bit more like a dinner spot rather than a mish-mosh diner.
How on earth could you rate any place less than five stars when it brings so much joy to YOUR pride and joy?
Hate is such a strong word.. I try not to use when I its not really called for.
Anyway, even though the neighborhood isn't particularly risky it's dangerous just having this place so close to me.
I had the fish tacos which were messy and the salsa verde was finger licking good.
Don't know if it is true or not.
I can't want to try the daycare to socialize my pup some more!
The bar is small, the decor is modern with a retro feel (Urban Outfitters, maybe?),
Staff is friendly and attentive.
Helpful hint:  Free wifi can be accessed by entering the code printed at the bottom of your receipt.
Now here's my favorite part.
As I sadly handed over my $5 bill, the lady at the counter said a lot of people had told her they felt betrayed by the sign outside.
My boyfriend was actually pretty upset at the way he spoke to me but chose to let it go because we just aren't the type if people to be confrontational or to complain.
Parking can be annoying when it's busy, but the store is spacious and there are plenty of people to get help from.
There was a bar at the pool but nobody attending it which blew.
Arcadia is just fine if you're already at the museum and looking for a bite.
I left full and happy.
Satay chicken was alright.
the drinks are great and 4.
And of course, have more zucca chips...)
They had them and they had them on sale - cheaper than I have ever seen and in more of a selection too.
Our server barely even spoke to us when she came to the table, and acted like we were inconveniencing her.
The "sassy" barbecue sauce was meh, but the sweet was good enough to make up for it.
Pro's:  The Food and ServiceCon's:  Ambiance & decor could use a little jazzing up, location is not ideal
I've never been to this place on the weekend when it isn't packed out the door.
I know I'll be back, and I can't say I dread coming here - I usually have fun.
I ate here last week and I really enjoyed the burger, fries and decor in this place.
This will be the first and last time I will be going to Lamar's.
She's a keeper.
My visiting family even said that they would gladly come back to this place on their next visit.
the music makes me dance in the isles LOL.
Just amazingly tasty, simple, pizza with quality ingredients made the right way in a brick oven.
I found the eggs to be good, and recommend steering towards the omelet choices.
That would be ME.
The cheese plate had four of them, I wouldn't say they were uniquely different from one another.
The food was thoughtful but possibly not executed to it's highest potential.
I graduated from Marinello at the end of August 2010, and let me tell you, I was glad to get out of there.
Appetizer: calamari was yummy.
So does their desert plate...The service was wonderful and quick and attending to us.
Not complaining because it was good but be ready.
We ordered 2 half portions and one full (lobster ravioli, a brick of lasagna, and something else I couldn't pronounce) and it was just enough for the 4 of us.
If you like loud sports bars where the patrons get into the game this is the spot to go.
*Price = on the high-end *Pad Thai = pretty good volume*Green Curry = very good.
The shoulder cut chicken was perfectly cooked, but the meat itself was perhaps a little bland, although admittedly I do prefer chicken to be well-seasoned.
If one is going to charge the prices they charge for regular Americanized asian food... at LEAST make sure the menus you hand people are clean.
They tend to water down their Sriracha, but it might be more of a heat thing rather than a cost cutting thing.
The new tables are great.
I'll be back again soon, Richardson's!
Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants!
Always consistent.
Kristi is my go-to massage therapist.
It only lasted about a day, so that was a bummer, but my hair stayed clean and fresh for four.
We met a friend for lunch and the place was laid back, chill, clean, cozy and yet modern - perfect.
I'm cool like that.
The food is mediocre at best.
So many festivals these days charge you to get in and then, once inside, charge for everything else.
He said I should order the breakfast burrito, so I did, because he's pushy and I always do what I'm told.
Then he gave us a sample of the fat-free, sugar-free chocolate sorbet, which made me want to buy a pint of it... after I had already eaten a baby sized Mango/Pomegranate mix.
Parents who weren't acting out scenes from Soylent Green.)
One problem I have with Zinc Bistro is that they have Stella on tap, great right?
I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch, and have never been disappointed.
Still extremely annoying, sure, but forgiveable.
West on Carver about 2 blocks on the left.
You won't find a fryer in the house either.
If you're looking for microbrews, this is a place to check out.
So I suppose the portions are comparable.
I did like the cultural shows, such as the taiko and the martial arts demonstrations, and the shaded area with the bonsai and akitas was nice.
Went for lunch.
Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance, the food and not having to valet the car on Central Avenue.
We tried several dishes and all were well spiced and wonderful.
The staff literally gave off a small town feel, the only time I've ever been treated better was at a bed and breakfast!
Actually, I'm more curious of what it would have tasted like in a mild flavor.
If you had Mr. Ramsey visit, he would say, "Oh God...what were you thinking".
I stopped in recently with a friend when  in the area and Roka seemed less than lively.
The only noise we had was a neighbor's dog deciding to bark at like midnight... (They are pet friendly and provide beds, bowls and walks for dogs)All the rooms have patios so, if it's not bloody hot it's nice to sit outside in the morning, listen to the birds, and people watch.
We were seated by a pleasant hostess in the large main room.
Water park is OK.
We strapped on our skates and took off.
I've experienced a few places that use a little too much anise, so much that you can't get an overall sense of all the delightful herbs and spices used in this delicious creation.
Also, don't forget to chill your bottles before you leave!
The selection is phenomenal and there is some loose teas here for every type of tea drinker out there.
I was very pleased & my belly was full!
Fair sandwiches (better than Safeway, anyway).
My husband had dinner here and found everything much to our liking.
How good was it??
I know.)
Yeah it is kind of cool that they are dressed as nurses and you get a little hospital bracelet with their name and such.
I wish that i would have taken a picture of the last one that I purchased, it was absolutely perfect.
Amazing.
Oh and people WILL steal your seats or tell you they are saved - ugh!
They didn't even comp the car wash!
not fun loud, but "let's crank the bad early 90s alt rock and top 40 emo rock as loud as possible" seemingly as catch all for the only demographics who will like this place- early 20s and late 40s and 50s who want to seem like they still know how to get down with the younger generation.
My mom must have some really refined tastebuds because all I tastes was some store bought low-fat vanilla.
If you can't tune it out, the patio is a really lovely alternative.
Service was pretty good and sushi was also good.
My sister and I went here the other week and got gel manicures!
A restaurant?
No such thing as free... then people sneak into lots down the way to save the tip.
I guess they can't really do anything about it since it used to be a post office.
Friggin amazing, I wanted to whisper sweet nothing into it's ear and smack it on the boohiney.
Once before I got the Italian Beef but being my first time I didn't know that you could get it wet... Duh... and ended up eating a warm roast beef sandwich that was a bit on the dry side.
The prices, on the other hand, are far too high for what you get.
We would definitely go there again.
The staff (many of whom are part of the family) have also helped me reupholster furniture and work on plenty of other odd jobs.
My rec is come and linger and enjoy the sights and then have a great lunch either at the food court or at the restaurant next door.
I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.
I noticed a younger adult crowd here but it doesn't matter.
See ya there!
And a sliver or two of peppers.
You have to understand... I am use to a dirty, loud, intrusive  plumber that smiles with his butt!
:)Tater Tots were served with our sandwiches and they were good... but nothing all that special.
Ordered tuna salad sandwich&potato salad.
The decor is where things start to slide.
The hubs ordered the Tenderbelly Pork Shank.
Maybe if I'm desperate enough I will go back!
The food and service were both amazing.
Touche, the District at Tempe Marketplace - I have to say I am impressed!
I wish I had a picture of it.
The food here was delicious, I'd eat here regularly if I lived in Phoenix!
I ordered the chicken cordon bleu which is supposed to be served with "seasonal vegetables" and "homemade mashed potatoes".
Corporate... Juice... PIMPS!!!
You can also cross 7th Ave, but be careful dodging cars.
Double score.
I can call Pei Wei while I leave the house, order my food as I drive, and when I arrive 9 times out of 10 the food is hot and ready to roll.
On this day we went for happy hour, which is daily after 9pm and tried several tapas and a 4 peaks beer.
Service was really friendly, and prompt.
There is a ton of counselor turnover, but they put too much stress on those people for the amount of work they do.
The chips are fresh made and great as are the salsa and hot salsa (more peppery and hot).
Have a pet with allergies... This is your place for quality pet food, they will aldo have lots a good suggestions on your pets diet.
The proportion of veg to meat was off.
Absolutely incredible.
It's hard to have a great meal without great service but he provided just that.
It has twice as much lawn seating, the seats are wide and comfortable AND - aimed towards home plate, which didn't used to seem like a big deal but sitting in Scottsdale down the line, IT IS.
I wouldn't make a special trip back.
Completely unethical and total crooks.
It's free, but you can also get a subscription online.
Overall, a delightful experience and I will go back.
This review is based strictly on their burgers.
Overall, a very different, fun look.
The food is always delicious and the selection more unique than other restaurants.
Great pecan apple pancakes!
I've never eaten a meal at the restaurant but if you want a nice little buzz and a pretty full stomach in a lovely environment on a pauper's budget, this IS the place.
And it's not just the martinis!
I never received part of what I ordered yet it made it on that bill.
Maybe all the snow birds are still in town.
Maybe I'm weird but I do my grocery shopping on Sunday.
It's hard for me to rate this place because its a little run down.. but the groomers are amazing, so for Groomers- 5 Star, for actual facility-3 Star.
She is a Dr. that treats you as a person and takes her time to honestly answer your questions.
Anyway, great experience, great food.
Hummus,tzatziki  , served w/flat bread ,selection of olives a couple of pork belly selections I had the lamb burger I ordered medium it was served a more rare but was still good the did offer some higher priced entrees and there were other selections of burgers and sandwiches thus the name gastro pub  they had some good beers on tap
I think this BBQ place would be the best option for a large group.
Everything was so good I ordered a shrimp burrito to go and shared it with a friend after I left.
It's  great that they have a market for you to look around while you are waiting for your food.
I am a big eater and could not even finish all my food for only 8 dollars.
They treated me like a patient at the hospital.
Mine came out pretty quick, but my friend's burrito was quite long in arriving.
5 Stars for the delicious food & flavors.
They have a little something for everyone.
you really cant go wrong w/ anything that includes their beer bread.
All in all, great trip and a nice and above par stay.
:-))
If you get the wings here it shouldn't matter if you get anything else.
I had to get that chocolate cherry bread from Phoenician Bakery.
My rant speaks for itself.
Just had a couple beers and some appetizers since it was late.
They are local to my apartment, they do deliver for $2.90, but I've been back 3 times since my first review and I'm getting bummed out here.
Another A++ experience at Mastro's!!!!!
The concierge helped us with directions to anywhere we wanted to go and the location was great as well...not far from the main drag, but somewhat hidden from the outside world.
I cannot even imagine how travelers get around on this thing, nothing is ever posted with any relevant info or signage.
My first experience was a pleasant surprise and this location is pretty much the same, in fact, every location is the same, which is a good thing when you are on a road  trip and looking for a clean bathroom and somewhere to grab a bite, maybe get some entertainment for the road.
At Boombozz, they offer ranch as soon as they set down the pizza.
Truly a neighborhood bar.
His reaction time is unbelievable - any team would be happy to have him as a goalie.
3.
When I order delivery I always get a 16" chicken pizza with alfredo sauce on top, and for the last 6 years I have received it in 30 minutes or less all but 2 times.
Be sure to try the green bean appetizer!
it's right next to michaels which is also great.
Just came back from a week in Maui, so I was still in "Hawaii-Mode" (which is soooo hard to get out of lol), so I insisted we go to Hula's to get my Hawaii fix.
We ordered way too much food...Chili Fries, Egg Rolls, a Green Burger, the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, No Harm Chicken Parm...I barely had room to choke down a couple of Tsoynami's and an oatmeal cookie sandwich!
They provide lots of shade and make for a relaxing soundtrack.
The morning crew is very friendly, and the coffee is great.
LOCATION:  It's a little hard to find.
Everything else was just ok.
I also love the layout and of course, the free wifi.
Only 4 stars because I have seen better.
If you love garlic, you'll love this.
I was a little turned off by the number of really old men working there, but they had their regular client list.
Go easy on the fish sauce (ngoc mam) they give you on the side (try adding Sriracha to the sauce to add some spice in your life), the dish is by far no means lacking in flavor/sodium.
The food was of a generous proportion, so bear this in mind when ordering.
The first thing I saw on their menu was the Crispy Alligator appetizer.
Anyway, the donuts are awesome.
She had all 10 drinks refilled continuously.
This was my first and last time at this over priced Denny's
Prices I thought were reasonable, and we left full and satisfied.
Your restaurant is ridiculously friendly to families, girls day out and boys at the bar.
Momma loved her Gumbo and appreciated that there were NOT huge slimy chunks of okra in it.
Thought that was pretty clever!
It is really somethin' special, that ain't no lie.
You may be curious to know why we haven't been here in so long, well just ONCE we saw a cockroach on the wall that grossed us out, and that's why this place loses a star.
I can tell you this though, every dish has been superb.
I am so happy I found this place.
They've started carrying MTG over the last few months, and that collection has grown.
The appetizers are ok, the service is ok, but it all just seems a little played out to me.
While waiting for our entrees, we received a basket of Parker House rolls.
The not-so-great.
The okra had NO flavor and was not fully cooked to a nice crisp crust.
Was she serious in presenting us with this stale-looking mousse, with cracked edges and whose green tea ice cream had ice crystals on it?
to the left at least four people playing chess, to the right someone reading a book, but sitting next to someone writing a book, and did someone just walk in with a puppy?
As an Irish lass thru and thru, the promise of a cool Irish pub to get some grub and frosty guiness was enticing...and it delivered!
Yes, this is my kind of art supply store!
Summer has sprinklers.
As far as the place, its pretty small you'll probably want to leave after 10 minutes.
Yes, they do have hipper then thou hipster working there, but those hipsters can sure make a mean hummus!
We went with pasta.
That's it, no effort, no emotion, no interest in wanting to get to 'know us' and get a feel for what kind of wedding we would like to have, just a quick, here is the place, goodbye.
Everyone was professional and friendly.
They bring out warm maple and berry syrup.
I am changing my review - lately because of bad economy, they are not getting enough customers, their food quality has gone down.
The Tzatziki sauce  has a nice tang to it.
I was maybe 25% through my meal, when our server appeared with our check and asked if we would like dessert.
Beers are overpriced but absolutely necessary to make it through the event.
Wrong.
The service is a little lacking compared to most Canadian Kegs I've been to, simply because the staff seemed so much younger and less professional, but it was still really good.
Then top that with the weird quirkiness that makes me warm and fuzzy on the inside...the atrium, a lovely bathroom and random bumper stickers at the bar.
I have not tried all of the pasties and have stuck to the traditional ones that we get at home, i.e, cheese and onion and cornish and they are very good!!
the mariachi band, while maybe nice outside or not so loud, was so overpowering that we could not talk... the trumpet was terrible for hangover ears... not peaceful or calm at all- so we sat outside.
I hope they don't raise their prices!
And who do they always count on for recommending awesome places to eat while in town?
We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.
I grew up on Empanadas in Panama and I have been hard pressed to find anything close to them in the U.S.. today I found them!
I was told there were two people ahead of us in line and it "shouldn't be long."
I met my cousin here for lunch, and we were really happy with the meal.
I am thrilled with the level of service and professionalism expressed by the women who cleaned my house today!
So the water came, then nothing....nothing....no one....nada.
Do not let Andre's intent become lost in translation.
I locked myself out of my car when having a space-cadet moment and they let me use their phone to call AAA to bail me out.
Our service was great--thank you, Heather.
Bacon belt?
Many TV screens and seatings to get comfortable with.
So after being thoroughly un-wowed by the Roosevelt row area, we decided to head back to our favorite old standby, Seamus.
1/2lb of brisket didn't seem like a lot in my basket...but seemed liked what everybody was getting in around me.
I'm looking forward to returning!
I look over the happy hour flier and I see some app deals.
Their employees are friendly and the food under the glass is fresh looking and appetizing and in their own bins.
Staff was great - attentive, helpful service.
IF you had them in your home you would never leave.
Happily, here it's not *that* bad.
Why the 4 stars?
Turned out to be just fine - and the service was pretty special for how reasonably priced everything was.
By the way, Press serves sandwiches and soups, as well as an extensive list of wines.
it is definitely a treat and worth trying!
We drove in from LA for spring training.
Owners are very concerned about customers with less than a stellar dining experience, so I'll be sure to give the Breakfast Joynt another try with friends and family.
Folks were friendly and the place was packed.
Either way, it seems to have that good old suburban bar feel to it, which is nice and cozy when you don't feel like dolling yourself up and having a fancy night out.
I am not sure if I'd go out of my way to go back though.
Good God get the Sizzling ninja, top that off with a fried egg, and pineapple, get healthy with some brown rice and white chicken and then DRENCH that bowl with NINJA SAUCE AND SRIRACHA (which comes standard btw) AMAZING!
delicious!
This was a pleasant twist to the big, green olives.
A nice finish to an excellent meal.
It's actually only one bedroom, but has a huge living room, dining room, kitchen, two fireplaces, three patios with fireplaces and water feature, old-school tub, double-shower with outdoor shower, a bidet,  you know...typical amenities.
And I didn't like that you ordered at the counter and got your chips in a paper gravy boat.
Not that good, not that bad.
I went in to fill up as I usually do at any station unaware that I was paying TEN CENTS MORE PER GALLON (than Circle K)  because I wasn't paying cash or using a Shell credit card.
Food is outstanding!
It makes me wonder if people understand what French is, it's not their fault though, there aren't many French restaurants in town, most have be closed, including Mary Elaine's at the Phoenician  and John Claude's Petite Cafe.
I went with cheese sauce, jalapenos, bacon, and tomato.
Ok, so stopping to enjoy the view is one thing.
They provided expert care and glad to say that he mended just fine, with no lasting ill-effects.
MY PIG-OUT STUNT:Take the layer of skin from the top of a thigh and place on a plate crunchy side down, then peel off a chunk of chicken from the piece and place it on top of the skin.
Couple of days later, I was in Cost Plus World Market @ 18th St. & Camelback.
Their garlic fries are to die for...heck, everything they cook is incredible...worth the drive...
I ended up using the ranch dressing from the lollipops.
I have had better wings, but hey this is a Mexican joint and our bill was not even $4!
Pretty much explains it all.
Family style is great if you always visit Pei Wei with your family.
And if it's packed, let the valet park your car(CUZ ITS FREE)!
I never liked Bloody Marys until I had one at Taylor's!
Well, thank God because when I hear "culinary," my mind certainly does not think of Dos Gringos...or any of the other Vendors represented at this event.
He will even respond to your hi-fi emergencies (eg.
Tiny pours and full of ice chips.
Staff was friendly enough, but it took at least 10 minutes for the server to finally take my order.
I paid the remaining $3.00 charge, but then, the machine wouldn't give me a receipt.
Highly recommend it if you are in the area.
Only downside is that sometimes it is hard to get an appointment on short notice...but that's my fault for waiting until I can't stand it anymore to get my hair cut.
Good food and good service.
This is good pizza every time I get it.
Wow what a fun little antique,etc.
Excellent brunch food and great Bloody Marys!
It makes it disgusting.
We love The Olive Tree!
The staff is about average, not rude and not nice.
Cost seemed to be very reasonable.
Honest, hardworking, helpful.
Smithwick's on tap- checkAwesome fish & chips (award-winning for a good reason)- checkGood pub vibe accompanied by live music- checkA nice soccer following (the unofficial bar for Glasgow Celtic supporters- not my club, but good enough)- checkI'll go with 4 & 1/4 stars.
Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?)
Inside was intimate, but with the large windows, it wasn't dark and depressing.
Thanks so much for caring, weather its about my kids or my knees or the fact that I have a pain pump in my stomach and   have a hard time laying on my stomach, which Robin saw I was not putting full weight down on my stomach.
I have lived here for about 5 months, the place is okay i guess, the ground are clean which I like, but the staff seems kinda disorganized.. they got our move in dates wrong which thank god I'm an early mover and didn't wait to the last min, then when we FINALLY moved in, we got a different apt than we were showed originally.
The plates are so huge and super sloppy.
I agree with Rachel C. & Luciana L. on the parking situation and the logistics of the whole place.
Several months (maybe over a year?)
True Yelper that I am, I did my homework before suggesting that we come here for dinner.
However, this place, despite it's pseudo-hipness fails to deliver in the cocktail department, which, with it's continuously crappy music, would be the only real reason you'd come to this bar.
This had guacamole, tomatoes, jalapenos, habenero cheese and a spicy chipotle sauce all on an all beef hot dog.
One star is for the nice service and the other star is for being a local chain.
I highly recommend her!
Oh...I almost forgot there were no paper towels to dry my hands.
Friendly folks.
Looks like we will be coming back soon.
The service at this location was great, until one of the servers managed to incorporate throwing up in into a conversation while I was nursing a hangover.
Rigatoni in a cream sauce with chicken was outstanding, as was the pound cake dessert.
got the sampler combo cause i didnt know what to get and the cheese and potatoes pierogi were yummm!!
Covet starts off with an excellent men's shoe section, continues with an excellent men's clothing selection, and finishes off with excellent women's wear.
I went to this place after seeing a segment on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (Food Network).
And as someone who watches America's Test Kitchen as though it were food porn, I can say that any other grocer doesn't stand a chance against Eddie Bashas' high end store.
We got their around 8 and the place had a good crowd.
They had two guys playing live music and they were very good.
It's not terrible, but kind of meets expectations of a diner in a strip mall.
Spaghetti Vesuvius:  cute name to start off.
Everyone knows about Pei Wei right?!
The food wasn't phenomenal but it was very good.
My friends said that the mixed drinks were really well made and they were very happy with how they turned out.
it isn't trying to hard to be cool you just don't know what cool is.
i also hope they work on commission and are regretting not saying hi to me.
Anyways, ordered 2 house margaritas (excellent, very fresh, perfect), then ordered 2 more..... buzzed alert***Elote, teeth sunk in, amazing alert***Spit shrimp cocktail, oh yeah.....its on.
I cannot wait to return.
I wanted another one when I was done but couldn't possibly eat anymore.
I will agree with the others that it is a cheap sushi option.
Even Ben Franklin wouldn't need his bifocal specs to see that Forefathers is worth a fry...oops, I mean, try.
She said this was the best burger she's had in the area.
Slightly pricey, but you get a lot of food and it's very consistent.
Not a high turn over.
The second time was more laid back, just grabbing a beer with a girlfriend.
The bartender was good, although I asked for a drink with Ketel One, Red Bull, champagne and grapefruit juice and he gave me one with Ketel One, champagne, Chambord and pineapple.
Bad idea.
Excellent.
It is my favorite.
I went here before that on several occasions and many times my order was forgotten, after paying....and the staff is real unprofessional blasting music at nightclub volume at early breakfast and lunch times.
They have a full list of local beers in bottles and on draft.
their corn chips are fresh and lite, their salsa comes in different levels of heat.
In all, it was a good meal, not great, but definitely satisfying.
And for you insiders, we both love Roberto's homemade tamales.
I've had falafel burgers and traditional fried falafel countless times before so I was stoked to see it on their menu.
PB is open Mon-Sat 7AM-9PM and Sun 7AM-6PM.
What has the ability to take this place up a notch is karaoke.
Bravo Thirsty Lion!
The place is a little hole in the wall and had I not been told to go, I probably would have never gone in.
As it gets hotter, we would walk and feed the ducks in the morning and spend the rest of the time in the Regional Library.
Next up was the trout.
Tons of fries.
So I stopped by for a late lunch and was the only one in the place which made for some nice time to chat with the owner and her mother, who was the one whipping up the great food in the kitchen.
The only hitch was when the baby had her regular dr appointment the next week he said there was no infection so we were left to wonder who was right.
I ordered chicken pesto pasta and she ordered a club sandwich.
Burton Barr Central Library has a bigger reading room.
Food was good, not spectacular, but very good.
The fig cake is delicious!!
This place is a dream.
I'm sensitive to smell... I couldn't even exercise.
This really should be made into an air freshener.
I started with a deep cleaning from Bobbie Lynn Tucker , RDH.
The food was good, bacon had some spice!
The name sounds like it's straight out of a book filled with a happy storyline, friendly characters and sunny days.
Old Chicago is about what you'd expect  from a chain serving by that name - a pretty basic menu, with a Chicago slant.
Very trendy, but somewhat uncomfortable.
As I stated before, they do have staple Arizona style Mexican fast-food here and there are a few I would recommend.
And let's be honest, you've earned dessert.
There are always several cats (occasionally dogs) looking for a good home, some older cats (a few years old and some kittens.)
I'm excited to see how well they've done and wish them all the best (More tours are in the works and I will definitely be taking them!)
I needed everything quickly and was very specific.
This restaurant can be summed up in two words: mediocre & overpriced.
Unusually delicious!
Security was nice enough to leave a note on my window.
And the prices were outstanding!
don't order the fish chilli though, it tastes like A1 sauce.
Always ensure that the experience is better than expected.
Buh-bye local business pet store that's closer to me and sells the same brand of food I buy for my dog...I'm a fan of the BEAST!
I've also had their corn-on-the-cob twice and found it super plain and not even sweet or enjoyable.. totally blah for me with the corn.
This place was incredible.
I was expected a glass full of fruit as is customary and there was one tiny lone piece of peach clinging sadly to the bottom of the glass.
TO ME and of course to mom, it was such a slam on the elderly.
The crowd is definitely distinct.
Everything on the menu is good.
oh my, these are huge gyros.
I was there on a Friday night with a few friends in the hopes of a quick drink and nosh after a show next door.
I'd like to try the cheese platters :) mouth watering as we speak.
I don't know why I haven't updated my review either, so here I go!
We also threw my son's 6th birthday party here in sept.
This was a test for the guy behind the counter.
The new Esplanade is fantastic!
I also appreciate the free wi-fi, it definitely helps whittle the time away while you are waiting for your flight!
The murals of Italian cities on the back wall were even painted by their father, who they brought to the valley for just that purpose.
Don't go here thinking it will be classy.
The fries are tasty as well and you can either get sweet potato or regular.
In all the years we've been going to Brio, we have NEVER had such HORRIBLE service....ever!
However, any place that doesn't use 100% real fruit, chocolate, etc... will never compare to Arlecchino.
The pizza was good, I enjoyed the flavors, pepperoni, cheese, and sauce was very good.
Good choice if you live in North Scottsdale.
This corn has cotija cheese, hot sauce, mayo, and I swear crack.
This is a very good Chinese restaurant, we have gone there for years.
(I am not very good at sharing and i always get what I want!
Most importantly however is the coffee.
It was not good at all.
I know....a busy Saturday night and so, perhaps I should give both the servers and chef a break?
I bought a new mountain bike from them in Dec 2011.
3.
The kind owner lady proudly told me each of our 3 dishes was made w/ a unique dough recipe... At first I was worried all the dough would overpower my tastebuds, until I asked for some dipping sauce... they kindly made me a black vinegar, ginger, and scallion sauce... that just upleveled everything.
A full staff was on with staff working in sync as a team with all the tables not just mine.
Most Pei Wei's are situated in pompous locations where ever there is an AJ Fine Foods, but atleast they aren't located in the ghetto.
The people in my party got quite a few things and everything came in heaping portions.
I would have loved to have given the Science Center 4 stars but I am constantly annoyed by the science center's staff inability to get one of the three microphones set up correct for the speakers ahead of time causing a speaker to waste 5-10 minutes every month.
It's a traditional japanese restaurant and from what I remember the food was decently priced maybe a little more expensive for dinner than other places.
I went there last night for Taco Tuesdays, $1 to $2 tacos can't be beat and the tacos are so tasty I always order 3, the mahi, crunchy fish and steak.
Another must have is a Cherry Lime Squeeze; Sprite, Cherry flavor, squeezed limes and maraschino cherries.
All in all, I certainly won't be rushing back but there is plenty of room for positive improvements.
We found a great table and decided to purchase the item.
Seriously, look at that menu, look at those pictures.
Phoenix is lacking in good Indian restaurants, and that is compounded if you're in the mood for South Indian food.
Try out the Shrimp or Fish tacos, they are delicious.
i love their grilled chicken and veggies, too.
2 stars because I really did like the eye doctor I saw, she was awsome.
She never apologized or tried to rectify the situation, but when you come out to your customers in fighting mode you really cannot rectify that!
The booths are classic hot dog stand style and the pennants lined up along the top of the walls are fantastic to look at.
Also, they had no dessert wines, or any after dinner drinks.
But overall, awesome service and yummy food!
I think it's worth it.
I'll stick to the pulled pork.
Our server said this is the same crust as their pizzas, so next time I'd like to try those.
My limit on steak is typical 6-8 ounces and I ate my entire meal, making me think (1) This place really is THAT GOOD, and (2) I doubt this is more than a 10 oz serving.
I'm a vodka guy and their vodka menu is pretty neat.
The odd, also very good, part about that menu is the salad selection.
Cannot wait to go back gain.
I've been to this location several times but I'd rather be more positive than nit-picky.
However, that doesn't make up for the $14 burger which was average at best and all three of ours were over cooked.
I've been going to Jess @ Chace Salon for almost 2 years now and she is nothing short of amazing!!
Then it was time for the check and we just wanted to get out of there since we were basically ignored.
The menu is varied and I think I eventually will want to try everything.
I had the house margarita for $5.75.
To quote my dinning companion, "You are not James Beard and James Beard would've cut the corn!"
I brought in six pairs of shoes to Ariel to see if he could put new heels on them (I wear the spiky-heeled high heels).
Margarita Mondays- $4 margs AND free food?
Be warned!
I tried the cheese pie and shawarma.
all the dishes are a great value and delicious!
Sadly, this was a bit of a miss for me.
The service seemed a bit lackluster.
Okay so the only reason I'm giving Rigoberto's 4 out of 5 stars is because I'm currently on a diet and it's not diet friendly.
The food & service was great!
Needless to say I will be finding a new pest control company today.
I love their menu and I love their atmosphere.
The meat is incredible and their sauces are amazing.
I was left standing alone wondering if there was another side of the hotel where my car was??
Yum!
You have to try this place.
5) Acknowledge the humans around you.
I've been eating at Carlos for 22 years or so.
As far as the service,  the food comes out quickly and we never really have to wait long.
The people who work here, from ushers to concession stand clerks, are incredibly nice.
Visited this great place last week with my parents and sister and we all had a great time!
I like Ray's far better.
The lines get long at about 11am.
Was gorgeous of course & they were as nice as pie.
Nice cocktail and wine list also.
Went last week, and ordered a dozen variety.
L and I later that night had a hot kiss and she lost her precious earrings.
The Hot Link was actually spicy, which is often not the case.
No reason really, it just never caught my attention.
The show was eh, they do some of the knife play stuff, and a few things here and there, but honestly it wasn't all that exciting compared to the other place I've been (Sakura).
They are so accommodating and the food is delicious.
The parking situation can become an issue too, but for my time and money, it's worth it.
Good for cooling off and relaxing after a round of golf.
easy parking in the zoo parking lot - you can see the "hole in the rock" from there so just park on that end of the lot.
They show old school movies on their TV and have a pretty nice selection of music in the juke box.
My future father-in-law wants me to choose Joe's to cater our wedding rehearsal dinner.
They also have a good selection of beer and wine, side dishes, and some supplies for home BBQ and smoking.
We arrived around 945am on a Sunday morning and had to wait around seven minutes to be seated.
The Good Egg, which looks like somewhere I might try, and Jamba Juice but sadly, it looks like just about everything else has closed up in this little strip mall.
Not to go into detail, but let me assure you if you have any issues (albeit rare) speak with Scott and treat the guy with some respect as you state your case and I'd be surprised if you don't walk out totally satisfied as I just did.
He replaced drink napkins when they were damp and even poured my martini into a fresh cold glass when I was half-way done.
These you had to saw through with a knife - not great, chewy to the point of almost being crunchy.
Finally, a great Asian fusion restaurant.
Her H&M bag was stolen during that brief moment that the bag was not in her arms.....and while this certainly was not the responsibility of Forever 21....we were so disappointed in the way the Forever 21 staff reacted.
I am tired of going to a restaurant 20 to 30 times and getting such inconsistent results.
Perhaps I will try their pizza next time I'm in town.
The cookie was the perfect balance of moist and crispy.
As is the service.
I am a HUGE champagne fan 2.
That pretty much describes this place.
When I finally got her attention away from flirting with a man sitting at the bar to ask her for the correct drink, she told me they were out of Strongbow too!
If I were you...I'd go to the grind.
This time around, he started asking me if he was a main character, starting to understand the structure of a performance.
We sat on the patio, which was lovely, but might get too hot during the summer (I didn't see any misters--You're Welcome, Mother Earth!).
Its chinese food, and if your in the area, it should get you where you need to go.
My husbands ribs were ok but not very meaty.
I ordered the Sonora Potato and Sausage Hash (Eggs, Potatoes, Hot Links, Chipotle, Garlic, Onions, Peppers) w/side of Sourdough Toast, $8.
All three pizzas were piping hot when they arrived, just crisp enough around the edges and loaded with the most amazing flavors your mouth has ever experienced.
Waitress just took it away and did not comp us.
This was not the case, although the scenery was mildly disturbing as most of the decor included some dearly departed wildlife.
One more comment, this isn't the kind of buffet where "shifty people" go.
As a part of our healthcare community this food is something I feel confident about bringing to my colleges and offices that I visit.
Now, i know that i should expect to pay alot for the biltmore but i am not the ritzy type of person.
Both my 4 year old and the 9 year old LOVED it here.
We could not complain about anything!
I've been taking mine and my family's cars to Cathedral for more than a decade.
Pizza was absolutly divine!
Absolutely outstanding, amazingly tasty meats.
As of this date, milk is $10/gallon, the true cost of the milk (or maybe even a little low).
I highly recommend the limón amarillo when in season.
If I could have eaten more, I would have.
Get's even better!
However, my medium rare steak really appeared to be grilled on my a standard grill with no caramelizing or searing to hold in the rare juices.
#26, #1, #150 is my favorite.
I don't know if this is due to the proximity to ASU (beefneck central), but it sucked.
I really am a fan of this place.
Also they have a small BMX (?)
I am always full and completely satisfied by the time I leave.
I couldn't decide what to get but that didn't matter because the other 3 people I went with chose for me.
This will probably be the last time we order.
If you like Thai, check this place out!!!
We paid $34 plus tip for a small Cesar salad, pizza with three toppings, soft drink and glass of wine.
Well, let me start off with a look of confusion at the exceedingly rave reviews of this dining establishment. (
YogurtBuilderz provides a good sized dining area with many choices of yogurt and toppings.
Auditioning is a scary enough experience without feeling intimidated by your environment and the people auditioning you.
Just strange names.
I highly reccomend this dr, he is knowledgeable & helped me attain the results I was looking for!
How much did it cost for you to get waxed...what would you say if I told you for a few dollars more the hair would be gone...PERMANENTLY!
Ok.
Ok, so this is a Sprouts now.
Unlike most places that use the typical sesame seed bun Smashburger uses egg buns.
It was a slap in the face on so many levels.
Very cute store and great personable staff.
and the service is alway excellent but when you do plan on going, make a reservation to avoid waiting too horribly long
After consuming our wonderful and inexpensive meal I came to the realization that THIS is my new Fav Vietnamese spot in the N Phoenix area.. I've eaten their at least 5 times since I found this place in Jan. That says something in my mind!!
It's a toss up between Abacus Inn and Shangri la .
I had the salscicia sandwich and a side of fruit.
Just kind of fits.
This place has not gotten any better over the past 10 years.
Also, they serve house bread with a great sun dried tomato butter.
3.
I do not think it was seasoned at all.
Like their meat, the grilled vegetables have a perfect blend of crispy and lightly seared on the outside, but juicy and steamed on the inside.
With many other excellent Phoenix-area restaurants to choose from, we'll head elsewhere next time.
The people watching is awesome as well.
I hear... nothing.
I went back to the counter and the woman disappeared in the back so I kinda just did a little pee-pee dance until she came back.
I took a friend from Europe here this past week.
Second, I decided to give them a try for an early Friday dinner, about 5 in the evening.
My husband got the burger brûlée and I got the beach house burger.
I am holding Classic Car Spa accountable for placing their customers in such close proximity to criminals.
They were going to fit every last body into that place if it killed them...and everyone else in there.
Let's just say LM is enough to get me out of my five mile Ahwatukee radius, and that is hard to do!
Looking for good Chinese so yelped the area and Dragon Palace popped up with good reviews.
I can get a better steak at a Chili's-type place, and the atmosphere (comprised mainly of your younger Scottsdale-types) didn't really do all that much for me.
If you work in the area of "customer service" I think you should have some.
I really got a great workout while going.
Nice and smokey and spicy.
Service: Excellent!
The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore.
The coffee is good enough to drink black.
Well, I guess they say better late than never for a reason.
The garden is equipped with wide paths and plenty of benches to help the old timers pace themselves.
I had the tacos, they may be small, but they were packed by taste.
Main courses were the gyro dinner and chicken souvlaki meal.
Well, when I left the gym two hours later at around 9:45 pm, my car was still there in the parking lot, untouched.
The sui may, I am sure was the pre-made frozen kind.
Meaning, this place DOES take credit cards if your order is over $25!
The portions are great and the people behind the counter are really nice.
How can you beat that!
Person 2: "Qdoba?
If you're going to do anything in Phoenix, this is one of the spots you should definitely check out.
We split an order of frites, that were crisp and full of flavor.
Some of the pots are like $100!
Give it a try!
Go to Milano and experience what a music store is supposed to be.
When we were finally ready to order, she asked:  "Separate checks?"
Everything I get here tastes home made and offers just the right amount of spice.
It gets two stars in my book for the service and the overall experience (for lunch that is).
they do well drink / wine specials too, but don't remember what they were.
Ugh.
The room itself, ours faced the parking area, which we didn't really care either way about.
I have had times where some of the food is great and other times it was bad.
We tried this place after reading most of the reviews.
Almost felt mafiosa style at times.
The crowds here are much smaller than you would encounter at other parks, but it fits 6000-7000 people comfortably.
Many dresses and skirts purchased elsewhere have hit the dust as my J Crew pencil skirts and blouses stand unscathed.
The floor looked dirty.
This restaurant = a great experience.
This is certainly not the case I realized upon entering.
If you are looking for something not so simple try a white strapless romper with their petticoat skirt, add some accessories, and your done.
It is hard to give a fair rating because they did not have their popular foods available.
Let me start with some positives:  the salsa was fresh and tasty as in these were whole tomatoes 5 minutes ago.
Great business traveler property.
Must try!
It was PACKED!
Try the Ice Cream sushi roll, this is one of the only places I know that does it and it is delicious!
Definitely enough for a meal and super cheap too.
Yuuuuuuum.
I'm cool bringing my 10-month old here because it's noisy and with so many other kids around she pretty much goes unnoticed, except by the nice waitresses.
The only bone I have to pick is with the fact the bathrooms are like finding water in the desert.
Just sad.
It equates to unattentive bartenders watching sports rather than clearing plates or pouring drinks.
Between this and the somewhat glazed staffperson, I have to wonder if this place is not a front for a drug business.
It is an Asian "Tapas" bar.
They were so big that we all ended up taking half of each sub home.
Huge selection at excellent prices.
I mentioned it to our server and he just brushed it off - didn't offer to not charge me for it or bring me something else.
Exactly the pub we needed to find.
All I needed to complete my delicious meal here was a good Cuban cigar and some brandy!
We got their around 5:30pm and it was relatively easy to find a somewhat secure parking spot (for $10).
The theaters are clean and usually not packed either.
I also recommend getting cornbread or lemon cake for desert!!
However, I highly recommend their grilled cheese sandwich on some sort of yummy bread (the lower end cheese sandwich ~ I have yet to try the fancy one).
Oh wait.
I think of it as a cross between a fast food place and a pizzeria.
You Say Potato, I Say ChicagoBy The RueOld Chicago is where I ate,I would probably by lying,If I said it was great.
I am a sucker for a theme restaurant.
Nothing like standing in line in front of the "health clinic' full of sick people waiting to be seen by a "health care provider" (aka nurse), waiting to pick up my 3 month supply of Viagra... and a six pack of Walgreen's Brand Beer for $1.99.
Great food at Rico's!
Way to Go!
Not sure why but lately I have had a hard time getting soup that is hot.
She also took the time for each course to explain each dish and in my case the wine and why they went together.
There are a number of novelties in each of Joe's restaurants, but my favorite part about this one is that it is nestled right next to farmland.
Very easy parking, and the seats are great!
The veggies are simply steamed.
I noticed they changed the menu a bit since my last visit, and a new 'special' is a Vietnamese Noodle Bowl - Pho type dish.
We went with a large group the first time and they were great about us having 7, including two smaller children.
We have another Groupon to use so maybe we'll try a pizza for the next one.
I HIGHLY recommend waiting in the house next door and having some wine.
Great specials....Try THE BASIC breakfast.
But so worth it.
But they have a FULL menu of pizzas, salads, and appetizers that are gluten free.
Lately each time we try to eat at OUTBACK there has been a 20 to 30 minute wait  ~ we don't always wait . .
We sat outside by the fireplace.
8 amazingly unique and delicious dishes.
I just went here for lunch and mmm, mmm, mmm, this place is sooooo good!
Instead, after ordering the Chopped Salad and the Pea Soup from "Shannon", the cook brought me my soup, and I enjoyed it.
Iceberg lettuce, slimy greens, cooked onions and bell peppers, mushy tomatoes, half melted greasy cheese clumps and very dry chicken piled on a shell... yuck.
I'm hoping that in time prices will drop a bit and more craft breweries will get represented, but aside from the nice interior and spot on happy hour menu, Thirsty Lion just doesn't stand out enough to steal me away from Boulders or Taste of Tops...
The blood sausage tasted like burned tired.
With this you get a tomato soup, as much as you want and a choice of several salads again as much as you want.
They are thick, soft and delicious.
My friend had ordered a small steak.
All for under $20 (plus tip).
Well not like either of my grandma's made, but someone's grandma...  The veggies passed the fresh & crispy test with flying colors and the sub roll was perfectly soft and chewy.
The hostess initially was very "French" in that she was affected and snooty and yes, a young American woman.
Spend your hard-earned money elsewhere.
Beers were poured fast; food took a little extra time but with a group our size that is to be expected.
Really nice!
As snobby as it gets, but in an endearing way.
Amazing.
Check it out!
The key machine is located at the front of the store at the customer service/returns desk.
I will have to come back sometime to see how the valley has changed from this view.
It easily and without remorse makes Panda Express look like a burnt out oil can that a homeless person decided to cook some chicken in over a pile of burning newspapers.
I would like this Sprouts more, if it was like an actual Sprouts.
Oh, my!
Casual but with a nice upscale feel.
One of the best things I've eaten in a while.
There were a good number of tents offering free samples.
The best deal is the all you can eat soup and salad at lunch for around $8.00.
This place blows Yogurtland and Yogurtopia AND all other Yogurtology locations out of the water!!!
Only down side is getting past all the unwashed morons gambling and chain smoking cigarettes.
The decor was typical AZ type, brown and beige.
That is why I recommend them, it works a lot better!
Stuffed like a pig, I paid and waddled out w/ my leftovers in tow.
And the beans and fries are pretty good.
The salmon was well cooked and flavorful, no complaints there.
Stevey P mentioned the only reason I'm giving four instead of five stars: If the dining room weren't so disgusting that I had trouble eating in it, it would easily be a five star place.
As far as the sandwiches go, the place is fine but just thought I'd mention that if you are trying the broccoli-cheddar soup late in the day you may find it "overcooked tasting" bordering on acrid and burnt like we did.
The restaurant is cute and sort of romantic but it's so loud in there that it ruins the "romantic" mood.
What's notable, however, is that their hardcovers are typically $7.50 as well.
Sometimes you just can't believe the hype!
And the prices are the best.
We were met by a very friendly and helpful server who took great care of us the entire evening.
The thin crust pizzas are pretty decent also.
Immediately, upon walking in the door, the pungent smell of backed up sewer hit us like a ton-of-bricks.
I had the Vatican skillet (which we still can't figure out why it's called the Vatican...?)
Now keep in mind that I have had this insurance forever, never had any problems before; after hours, weekends, etc.
Great happy hour specials.
I will recommend this clinic to everyone I know.
The food was very good.
The custard was smooth and creamy with lots of toppings to choose from.
Just luck of the draw on a bad sewer vent problem.
They came on tiny little corn tortillas, which themselves were good, but way too small to make decent tacos that didn't fall apart.
Not anymore.
Then there are times when you eat something and you instantly know you will never have anything quite like it.
Between 4:00 - 6:00 Roys has a great Happy Hour.
But, fortunately for us, they were making tamales for a catering job the same day and sold us some of their extras.
They also bring a huge bowl of cole slaw with each entrée or you can choose soup which comes in a smaller bowl than the cole slaw!
He was very awkward but it was ok.
Nice eye candy!
We have always encountered friendly, welcoming staff and amazing, fulfilling food.
I will never go anywhere else!
Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD.
They use the fat rice noodles instead of the vermicelli, but I think it made the dish a little heartier and certainly easier to eat with chopsticks.
One of the things that is so wonderful about this place is, the food isn't heavy.
They have a large variety of clothes - work-appropriate & fun cocktail dresses, fabulous shoes, jewelry, casual skirts and shirts, and more.
Oh, the bargains!
Before I talk about the Faire itself, I have to say I was incredibly impressed at how disability accessible this place was.
He deserves to manage the place and a raise!
I'm happy to report that the experience was most excellent at Great Wall and that it lived up to the hype.
I was VERY hesitant in coming back the first time around, and it was only because I was forced to.
For hotel guests, if you are planning to stay here, be sure to look into staying in one of the rooms that sit on the man made lake.
I'm done with this place.
do NOT live on campus.
This really is a unique take on one of the most common American foods.
They're also polite and will work with you on pricing and communicate with you beforehand.
I love this place.
The bar was a little too crowded to wait there, so we went a couple of doors down to pass our time.
Now as far as the store itself......the cafe was a joke - out of cream cheese for their bagels.
But he quickly left.
The staff has always been pleasant and accommodating and that goes a long way for me in Snottsdale.
I always appreciate diet Dr. Brown's cream soda.
Cousin and I thought it very poor taste that our server gave us that awful, condescending look after finding out we were just going to have dessert; We didn't deserve that!
Now onto the burger.
The street tacos are awesome.
It's brand new so it doesn't smell fishy yet.
It has an awesome indoor basketball court which sometimes gets used for extreme training and volleyball.
The cashier gave us our number.
The pork was really good, however; adequately seasoned and smokey.
at other places made me like the way it cooks better than reg.
They immediately offered me a bottle of water and started to talk to me like a real person.
It's a third world country.
We were not able to get dinner but we'll be back.
The guys can usually be found on the patio barking lame pick up lines at the female passerbys and the ladies are usually grinding it up on the small dance floor on the weekend nights.
Oh well.
But little things keep me from enjoying Zinc.
The jewish sliders are very good especially with the potato pancakes.
For me, consistency is key, and Filiberto's is always a step above most other restaurants ending with "to's" in that regard.
Refills are unlimited, and you only need to push a button to get more, but it's difficult to share a bag with a group of friends without calling for more every five minutes.
However, as a newbie I can say that I appreciate the intimate setting.
Love it!
The downside about the Marquee is that parking sucks.
I have never been to a Five Guys before, so this was something new.
A huge desk in the lobby and bigger one inside the dining hall gives this establishment an odd but distinct hotel feel.
I'm very fearful in recommending Gallo to my friends and clients.
Their chicken fingers are home made (the pickiest of adults would eat these things!),
This subway is one of the cleanest, and most efficient subways I have EVER been to.
I enjoyed my pizza.
I almost expected the crustaceans to come to life and start playing music.
Nice all around.
You get a free boost as well.. fat burner, energy etc.
The pita wasn't particularly warm and the meat was kind of tough.
The pool area is small but if you want a bit of sun I think the best place is in the small grassy area behind the HUGE wicker chair.
I played it safe and ordered a plate of salmon nigiri.
I returned to the counter and explained that I had ordered the vegetarian quiche, and the chic who took my order asked the chic behind the counter which one she served, because she was sure she got it right.
Scott personally walked me over there and made sure they treated me right.
Enjoy!
I didn't know what to order but I like shrimp so I went for it.
Mucho Gusto es mucho mierda.
It's a nice newer gym with a good amount of amenities and a relatively friendly staff.
I have eaten here a few times and found that the portion sizes are immense!
During the past few times that I came here, it was normally packed inside and I always ended up finding a seat outside.
Could it be that people have never experienced barbeque outside of Arizona, so they have no basis of comparison?
Aah, what a delight, so melt-in-your-mouth delicate . . .
I had the seared ahi tacos.
The restaurant was very kid friendly.
His incision was minimal, the sutures were tight and he healed quickly.
The best part, it was originally $160, their price was $59.95 AND all their wool coats we 25% off.
It was a great mix of casual and fancy, making it the type of place where it's perfectly acceptable to go and just down a couple margaritas, or have a fun dinner date.
The pizzas are pretty decent except that they lay out the toppings in a weird way, for example, if you order the vegetarian rosa pizza, if you like zucchini, it is all chopped up on two slices and so on.
I had no idea who she was.
#13...don't forget the sour cream.
I anxious to try more items on the menu!
I was surprised, but didn;t think anything bad.
I am a huge Suns fan but my review is about the fundraising options that the Suns have to offer as well as their back-office staff.
As the prior reviewer states I too drove by this place a million times.
Yum!
The food is delicious, and is not pre-packaged, such a nice change for a coffee joint.
I was at Liberty Market this morning for breakfast.
If ever I'm brave enough to stray off the path, my rating may change.
The CoreBalance Studio has dedicated instructors that push you to your limit in an encouraging way.
Let me first start with the location.
No.
My wife ordered the shrimp scampi and for some reason it came out with a heavy cream sauce, no complaints because it was good but it was not scampi.
Nothing is popping out and almost touching my food/beer.
The hotdogs are terrific.
It is always crowded.
They bake their pancakes which makes them ooooh so good.
Overly seasoned and not very fresh.
Oh, and the honey seared shrimp is great too...however that one needs to be eaten at the restaurant...it's like an In & Out burger & fries...best eaten ASAP.
The service was a little lax this time, less attentive than before, and that's the only reason I'm not giving LS a 5 this time.
I just cannot understand why this place is so highly rated.
I'm on the fence about Char's for some of the minuses that takes away from a place that could be so GREAT!
This place used to be amazing.
It's an airport, and what exactly does one look for/expect from such an establishment?
Carne asada + cheese + peppers/onions = yum!!!
They aren't chopped into small pieces, it's like the whole stem but I ate everything.
If you gots a beef with the prices then go somewhere else.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
This resort truely is a Sanctuary--the pool, complete with negative edge, in-water matching rafts for guests, and a top notch waitstaff was my favorite spot.
Normally when a place like this has this side offer, they are pretty bad and not edible.
The bathrooms were clean.
And I couldn't find the damn restaurant.
After reading multiple Yelp reviews on this business, I decided to come here for the greatest hits: Pizza muffins, Calzones and Antipasto salad.
I had a really good time drinking here with my friend.
Love that it's independent and staff is so lovely.
3.
Service - great!
I had the pork chop, which was very good without being memorable.
¡Excellent food!
You would think based on how expensive they are that they would care more.
I was introduced to it when I lived in the Chicago area in 2001.
So we asked him to pick  and prepare something of his choice which turned out to be the best two burgers that we have enjoyed in a long time, a Bacon Cheese Burger and his speciality Texan Jalapeno  Burger both with extra crispy bacon just the way we like it.
It's bad for the boomers with inflexible ear drums.
All of this is gone, and replaced by very plain fare, and not very good at that.
Which is FREAKIN - DISGUSTING.
opened by the same people who do sugar daddy's and dos gringos, this place has all the sexiness and allure of a Trails commercial.
They only have the radio on but there always seem to be great songs on!
I've been a patient of Dr Lienau's since I was six years old!
Seat warmer and a bidet?
This restaurant is truely cultural experience in your mouth---Chinese, Mexican with a dash of Jamaican.
I enjoy every visit.
Well, for the most part, this place is average.
Tasty with great prices... who can beat that?
I love it.
